five-time world champion michelle kwan withdrew from the #### us figure skating championships on wednesday , but will petition us skating officials for the chance to compete at the #### turin olympics .
us business leaders lashed out wednesday at legislation that would penalize companies for employing illegal immigrants .
general motors corp. said wednesday its us sales fell ##.# percent in december and four percent in #### with the biggest losses coming from passenger car sales .
several thousand people gathered on wednesday evening on the main square in zagreb for a public draw and an open air party to celebrate the croatian capital 's second chance to host the women 's slalom world cup .
us first lady laura bush and us secretary of state condoleezza rice will represent the united states later this month at the inauguration of liberia 's president-elect ellen johnson sirleaf , the white house said wednesday .
jack abramoff , a former lobbyist at the center of a mushrooming political scandal in washington , on wednesday pleaded guilty in a us court in miami to defrauding lenders in a florida gambling boat deal .
somalia 's feuding president and parliament speaker have agreed a compromise in a bitter row over the appropriate seat for their fledgling transitional government , a yemeni official said wednesday .
a ##-hour strike by airport workers in portugal planned for friday over job security issues could lead to flight cancellations , union and airport officials said .
jose mourinho renewed his partnership with portuguese international maniche on wednesday when he completed the loan signing of the ##-year-old midfielder from dynamo moscow .
hollywood is planning a new sequel to adventure flick `` ocean 's eleven , '' with star george clooney set to reprise his role as a charismatic thief in `` ocean 's thirteen , '' the entertainment press said wednesday .
canada advised its nationals wednesday to avoid non-essential travel to nepal , following the resumption of a maoist rebel insurgency in the himalayan kingdom .
us auto sales will likely be weaker in #### , a senior executive at ford motor company said wednesday .
the united states on wednesday welcomed beijing 's early release of a chinese journalist jailed for exposing top-level graft but said it remain concerned over the lack of freedom in the world 's most populous nation .
two bank workers on wednesday admitted stealing almost ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### euros -rrb- from the accounts of three former manchester city footballers .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon was admitted to hospital early for a planned heart procedure after feeling unwell wednesday evening , his office said .
sales of hybrid <unk> vehicles in the united states should more than triple over the next seven years , a leading research firm said wednesday .
the los angeles dodgers acquired south korean right-hander jae seo from the new york mets on wednesday in a four-player swap .
teenage hollywood starlet lindsay lohan , who was rushed to hospital this week after suffering an asthma attack , has admitted fighting a fierce battle with the eating disorder bulimia .
the white house vigorously rejected wednesday suggestions that us soldiers in iraq do not hesitate to fire on civilians , after a bombing killed eight iraqi non-combatants , including two children .
the us special envoy to multilateral talks aimed at ending north korea 's nuclear weapons drive has quit , the state department said wednesday amid reported divisions within the administration over the nuclear issue .
at least two people have tested positive for the bird flu virus in eastern turkey , health minister recep akdag told a news conference wednesday .
britain 's un envoy on wednesday urged stronger international support , including greater eu funding , for the african union -lrb- au -rrb- peacekeeping mission in sudan 's troubled darfur region to improve security on the ground .
australian foreign minister alexander downer called wednesday for the reform of the un security council and expressed support for brazil , india , japan and an african country to join the council .
two egyptian border guards were killed wednesday in clashes with palestinian militants near the rafah crossing on the border with gaza , a medical source said .
stephen harper and his conservative party pulled ahead of prime minister paul martin 's liberals wednesday , weeks before canada 's federal election on january ## , according to the latest poll .
dutch bank abn amro was hit wednesday with its second us fine in two months after settling a government probe into its mortgage lending in the industrial state of michigan .
the buffalo bills sacked tom donahoe as president and general manager on wednesday , fulfilling expectations of a shake-up after another failure to make the national football league playoffs .
tottenham sealed a miserable festive period for a toothless manchester city here wednesday with a #-# win thanks to goals from their confident striking duo of ahmed mido and robbie keane .
the dollar fell to a two-month low against the euro wednesday on expectations that us interest rates will soon stop going up , depriving the greenback of its biggest investment appeal .
two top us movie groups picked their #### awards nominees wednesday , with gay drama `` brokeback mountain , '' george clooney 's `` good night and good '' luck and `` crash '' taking early leads in the oscars race .
right fielder jeromy burnitz inked a one-year , #.# million-dollar contract with the pittsburgh pirates on wednesday , a week after he was reported as close to a deal with baltimore .
us president george w. bush said late wednesday that he and the first lady shared `` the concerns of the israeli people about prime minister ariel sharon 's health '' and were praying for his recovery .
the prime minister of burkina faso , <unk> ernest yonli , has handed in his resignation to president blaise compaore , the president 's office announced wednesday .
a top hollywood event promoter is seeking a court order to stop socialite and hotel heiress paris hilton from allegedly harassing him and threatening his life , court documents showed wednesday .
the un security council will hold a ministerial session on the situation in africa 's great lakes region late this month , <unk> 's un envoy augustine <unk> said wednesday .
political leaders in israel united in prayers for ariel sharon on thursday as the prime minister underwent emergency surgery after suffering a massive stroke .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon was undergoing an emergency operation thursday after suffering a massive stroke .
human trafficking victims could be spared deportation from britain and get automatic permission to stay under government proposals revealed thursday .
world number two rafael nadal is in doubt for this month 's australian open after withdrawing on thursday from next week 's lead-up sydney international tournament .
four-time all-star alexander mogilny was waived by new jersey on wednesday , one day after the devils welcomed back czech forward patrik elias .
finance minister ehud olmert will chair an emergency meeting of the israeli cabinet on thursday after prime minister ariel sharon suffered a massive stroke , public television reported .
hollywood actor nick nolte has successfully completed three years of probation imposed for driving under the influence of drugs , a judge ruled on wednesday .
south korea 's consumer confidence topped the benchmark ###-point level for the first time in eight months in december , reflecting the country 's solid economic recovery , official data showed thursday .
hollywood star charlie sheen and actress denise richards have scrapped efforts to reconcile their differences and have decided to push ahead with a divorce , court documents showed wednesday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
japanese share prices rose #.## percent in morning trade thursday to hit the highest level in more than five years as fresh gains on wall street fanned upbeat investor sentiment here , dealers said .
a top police officer appealed thursday to supermodel kate moss to return to britain and face arrest amid allegations of <unk> .
the cerebral hemorrhage suffered by israeli prime minister ariel sharon occurs when a defective artery in the brain bursts : it is among the deadliest of the major types of stroke .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent higher thursday on follow-through interest in properties after wednesday 's sharp gains on abating interest rate worries , dealers said .
trade between south korea and its communist neighbor north korea doubled last year , totalling more than one billion dollars for the first time , official data showed .
two new vaccines have been shown effective against rotavirus , which is responsible for a half-million infant deaths in poor countries each year , research studies published wednesday said .
china has begun a push to promote small , low-emission cars as oil prices remain high and environmental concerns grow over the nation 's fast-rising auto culture , state press reported thursday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon was fighting for his life thursday after suffering a massive stroke .
the dollar regained some lost ground in asian trade thursday in what was seen as a largely technical rebound after weakness prompted by expectations of a shift in us interest rate policy , dealers said .
a ##-million-dollar lawsuit filed by superstar michael jackson against a us businessman over ownership of a bounty of jackson family memorabilia has been tossed out of court , documents showed wednesday .
us president george w. bush defied congress again wednesday as he placed a slew of controversial political allies in key defense and foreign policy posts in his administration by circumventing the requisite approval process in the senate .
oil prices were slightly easier in asian trade thursday , marking time ahead of key us stockpile figures and after resolution of the russia-ukraine gas pricing dispute , dealers said .
us veteran and eight-time grand slam winner andre agassi has withdrawn from this month 's australian open due to a nagging ankle injury , his management team announced thursday .
japanese share prices rose #.## percent in morning trade thursday to hit their highest level in more than five years as fresh gains on wall street fanned upbeat investor sentiment , dealers said .
a securities firm in tokyo said thursday that one of its traders had mistakenly bought #,### times more shares in a company than intended in the latest botched trade to hit asia 's largest bourse .
researchers in australia said thursday they had grown new breasts in mice after discovering the stem cell responsible for <unk> tissue , a find which could pave the way for new treatments for breast cancer .
doctors are at the final stages of an operation on israeli prime minister ariel sharon to remove blood from his brain following a massive stroke , a hospital spokesman said thursday .
the world 's largest chipmaker intel has asked the vietnamese government for a license to build a chip plant worth ### million dollars in southern ho chi minh city , a government official said thursday .
an intrepid british oarsman 's bid to row round antarctica ended after just ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- when he unexpectedly collided with the falkland islands , british newspapers reported thursday .
malaysian experts say they may have discovered a new species of <unk> , the world 's largest flower which is famous for its putrid smell , according to a report thursday .
india , rather than china , is viewed as the sleeping giant of the golf world with huge scope for development , asian tour chief executive louis martin said .
police in one of china 's major cities are up in arms over a new order to disclose many details of their private lives as part of efforts to fight corruption , state press reported thursday .
veteran nick faldo is hoping that some of his legendary matchplay expertise rubs off on several of his <unk> european teammates as they battle asia in the first royal trophy this weekend .
four-time australian open champion andre agassi succumbed to a long-standing ankle injury and officially withdrew from the first grand slam event of the year , his management company said thursday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon will remain in the operating theater for several more hours and is in a `` serious situation '' after suffering a massive stroke , a hospital spokesman said thursday .
devastating blizzards have forced the evacuation of ##,### people in a largely muslim region of western china , a government official said thursday .
new zealand and sri lanka have an eye on future targets going into their fourth one-day international here friday , with new zealand having already wrapped up the five-match series .
gunmen shot dead seven tribesmen thursday in a restive tribal region along the pakistan-afghanistan border where the military is hunting al-qaeda-linked militants , officials said .
thailand will discuss lifting its ban on us beef , imposed two years ago over mad cow fears , when negotiators from the two nations meet next week for free trade talks , health officials said thursday .
floods , typhoons and other natural disasters killed #,### people in china last year , the highest casualty figure since #### , a top government official said thursday .
australian fast bowler glenn mcgrath was facing his sixth disciplinary hearing in eight years thursday after being reported by the match umpires in the third test against south africa here .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday as investors took some modest profits after a series of record breaking performances , dealers said .
another cambodian rights activist was charged thursday with defaming prime minister hun sen , as critics warned the country would become a pariah state if it continued to crush dissent .
the netherlands was gifted a berth in the final of the hopman cup mixed teams tennis tournament on thursday after german star nicolas kiefer pulled out of their group b tie here with back spasms .
the dollar regained some lost ground in asian trade thursday in what was seen as a largely technical rebound after weakness prompted by expectations of a shift in us interest rate policy , dealers said .
japanese share prices rose #.## percent thursday to <unk> highest closing high for more than five years as fresh gains on wall street fanned upbeat investor sentiment , dealers said .
former world number four jelena dokic has been forced out of next week 's canberra international with an adductor injury which was aggravated in auckland this week , organisers said thursday .
rain forced the fourth day 's play to be abandoned at #:## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- in the third test between australia and south africa at the sydney cricket ground on thursday .
the death toll from flash floods that devastated villages in indonesia 's east java province has risen to ## , police said thursday .
lebanese newspapers warned thursday that israel faced a period of political turmoil with prime minister ariel sharon fighting for his life after suffering a massive brain hemorrhage .
a second person has died from bird flu at a hospital in eastern turkey , a doctor there said thursday .
vince young scampered eight yards for a touchdown with ## seconds left , lifting second-ranked texas to a ##-## win over usc to give the longhorns their first national championship since #### .
the final results of iraq 's december general elections are due within the next four days , a member of the iraqi electoral commission said on thursday .
israeli deputy prime minister ehud olmert was chairing an emergency cabinet meeting thursday as prime minister ariel sharon was battling for his life in a jerusalem hospital .
hopman cup director paul mcnamee has given the electronic `` hawk-eye '' line-calling system the thumbs up after it was used for the first time in an elite-level event here this week .
israel 's media declared an end thursday to the tumultuous ariel sharon era as the prime minister lay fighting for his life after suffering a massive brain <unk> .
the philippine government said thursday it wants a `` swift resolution '' of journalists ' murders , after a global press watchdog said the country was the world 's deadliest place for journalists next to iraq in #### .
south korea is to build up its submarine fleet by increasing the number of vessels and boosting their capability , the defense ministry said thursday .
basf , the world 's biggest chemicals company , prefers that its planned takeover of us firm engelhard was a friendly rather than a hostile move , basf chairman juergen hambrecht said in a newspaper interview published on thursday .
dubai came to a halt on thursday as the emirate prepared for the funeral of its ruler sheikh maktoum bin rashed al-maktoum , who died wednesday of natural causes while on a visit to australia .
retail sales in germany fell in november , underlining the ongoing fragility of consumer sentiment in the eurozone 's biggest economy , data showed on thursday .
international aid agencies on thursday stepped up appeals for urgent intervention in drought-hit northern kenya , warning of mass starvation in the region where at least ## people have already died of hunger and related illness amid fears of a major famine .
american skeleton coach tim nardiello wo n't travel with his athletes to a competition in europe next week , the new york times reported on wednesday .
britain 's top swimming coach bill sweetenham , who was cleared by an independent investigation of bullying members of the british team , still has questions to answer his employers when he returns at the end of the month .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon remains in a serious but stable condition after undergoing surgery following a massive brain hemorrhage , a hospital spokesman said thursday .
sri lanka said thursday it wants a norwegian peace envoy due later this month to put pressure on tamil tiger rebels to resume talks with the government on saving their troubled truce .
the vietnam football federation -lrb- vff -rrb- thursday defended its right to co-host the #### asian cup and vowed to sweep corruption from the game .
an underground catholic priest who refused to join the chinese government-controlled church has been arrested and is being forced to endure `` brainwashing '' , a us-based religious rights group said thursday .
thailand , the world 's third largest exporter of sugar , fears a shortage at home because of market distortions from government price controls and a drought-hit harvest , officials said thursday .
arsenal chairman peter hill-wood revealed thursday that he fears french striker thierry henry will leave highbury at the end of the season .
a greek daily published thursday the picture of a man whom it said was the senior british intelligence agent alleged to have been involved in the abduction and interrogation of several pakistanis in athens after last year 's london bombing attacks .
hong kong gold prices closed lower thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
two more vietnamese professional football coaches have been suspended on suspicion of corruption or match-fixing in the country and abroad , officials said thursday .
one person has died of anthrax while ## others are receiving treatment following an outbreak in eastern zimbabwe , state radio reported thursday .
computer sales in india rose ## percent in the six months to september #### on lower prices and demand from the growing services sector , an industry body said thursday .
a chinese mother chained her mentally ill son to a roofless shelter for ## years because she was too poor to pay his medical costs and felt she had no other option , state press reported thursday .
captain david beckham has insisted that england stars have taken a pay cut for the world cup finals this summer .
a new chord sounded thursday in the world 's slowest and longest lasting concert of a piece of music that is taking a total ### years to perform in its entirety .
microsoft chairman bill gates late wednesday unveiled his vision of the digital lifestyle , outlining the latest version of his windows operating system to be launched later this year .
french president jacques chirac sent a message to israeli prime minister on thursday wishing him a swift recovery as he is being treated in hospital after suffering a massive brain hemorrhage .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on follow-through interest after wednesday 's sharp gains amid easing interest rate worries , dealers said .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei wished ariel sharon a swift recovery after his brain hemorrhage thursday , saying his thoughts and prayers were with the israeli premier .
latvian parliament on thursday approved linda <unk> as the baltic state 's first ever woman defense minister .
the last indonesian police reinforcements withdrew from aceh province thursday under a historic peace deal after being stranded at a port for five days due to a delay in their ship 's arrival .
german chancellor angela merkel on thursday sent her best wishes to israeli prime minister ariel sharon who is seriously ill in hospital after suffering an extensive brain hemorrhage .
taiwan 's foreign exchange reserves totalled ###.## billion us dollars at the end of december , up from ###.## billion a month earlier , the central bank said .
three american mountain climbers were killed and another seriously wounded along with four porters in a rockslide on tanzania 's mount kilimanjaro , an official and tour operators at africa 's highest peak said thursday .
second seed and crowd favorite daniela hantuchova survived a major scare in the quarter-finals of the auckland classic women 's tennis tournament thursday , fighting back from #-# down in the third set to beat unheralded israeli tzipora obziler .
ukrainian energy utility naftogaz threatened to take legal action against the spokesman of russian energy giant gazprom thursday amid fallout following this week 's russian-ukrainian `` gas war '' .
general motors expanded its china market share to ##.# percent in #### from #.# percent the year before , the us auto maker said thursday , vowing to push ahead further in the giant market .
british investment fund fidelity has increased its stake in puma , the german maker of sportswear and equipment , to just over five percent , puma said on thursday .
a court on the eastern greek island of samos has sentenced a turkish man to six years and one month in prison for attempting to smuggle immigrants into greece , the athens news agency reported on wednesday night .
germany 's former international striker fredi bobic , who has been out of contract since last june , said thursday that he was considering an offer from czech first division side sparta prague .
malaysia on thursday defended the decision to allow four countries to co-host the #### asian cup as a `` progressive '' move that would allow smaller countries to take part in the organization .
two dozen taliban and islamic fighters thursday surrendered to the afghan government under a us-backed amnesty scheme and renounced violence , officials said .
world oil prices eased on thursday before the latest weekly snapshot of us crude inventories and after a new year rally that had been caused by the russia-ukraine gas dispute .
industrial producer prices in the eurozone fell by #.# percent in november #### from the previous month , according to data published on thursday by the european union 's eurostat statistics agency .
russian president vladimir putin sent his best wishes on thursday to israeli prime minister ariel sharon who is seriously ill in hospital after suffering an extensive brain hemorrhage .
retails sales in the eurozone grew by #.# percent in november #### from a year ago , but slipped by #.# percent compared to the previous month , data released on thursday by the eurostat agency showed .
the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- are to investigate david sommeil 's tackle on tottenham 's south korean international defender lee young-pyo during wednesday night 's premiership tie at manchester city .
dubai 's newly appointed emir sheikh mohammed bin rashid al-maktoum was named vice president and prime minister of the united arab emirates on thursday , officially succeeding his late brother in the posts , the official wam news agency said .
experts from iran and the un nuclear watchdog met thursday in vienna to discuss tehran 's plans to resume atomic fuel research , an official from the agency said .
china 's central bank said thursday it has set a money supply growth target of ## percent in #### , up from ## percent last year .
eurozone business leaders and consumers grew more optimistic about the bloc 's economic prospects in december , according to two surveys published on thursday by the european commission .
the people 's bank of china , the nation 's central bank , said thursday it will maintain a stable yuan in #### but improve the management of the currency 's floating exchange rate mechanism .
indian kashmir state officials have been ordered by a court to supply food and kerosene for another month to survivors of october 's deadly earthquake , an official said thursday .
japanese electronics giant toshiba announced thurday that it will launch its high-definition dvd players in the united states in march in an attempt to get a jump on rival sony .
a jordanian held hostage in iraq for more than two weeks has called on king abdullah ii to save his life by freeing an iraqi woman held over the hotel bombings in amman , according to a video broadcast on arabic television thursday .
smart-card maker <unk> said thursday it had been selected by industrial and commercial bank of china to carry out the first issuance of chinese <unk> -lrb- <unk> mastercard visa -rrb- cards complying with specifications set by the people 's bank of china .
turkey 's environment minister osman pepe on thursday reimposed a ban on the hunting of wild birds in the east of the country after two teenagers died there from bird flu , the anatolia news agency reported .
orders placed with companies in the german manufacturing sector rose again in november , after already rising sharply in the preceding two months , largely as a result of big-ticket orders , official data showed on thursday .
unknown assailants burned three cars in separate parts of athens in the early hours of thursday morning in the third consecutive night of arson attacks in the greek capital , the semi-state athens news agency reported .
the embattled leader of britain 's smaller opposition liberal democrats resisted calls thursday to step aside , saying the party ought to concentrate on upcoming local elections instead .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas offered his best wishes for ariel sharon 's recovery thursday in a phone call to the office of the ailing israeli prime minister , a senior official said .
former england striker chris sutton has returned to the premiership after five-and-a-half years away to join birmingham city 's relegation dogfight .
european stock markets mostly steadied in early dealing on thursday , pausing for breath after a strong start to #### .
indian shares closed #.## percent lower thursday as investors sold shares after two days of robust gains triggered by large foreign fund buying , dealers said .
ten people died in a suicide car bomb attack aimed at the headquarters of an afghan provincial governor on thursday , a provincial spokesman said .
kenyan wildlife authorities have sent reinforcements to control a surge in illegal hunting in the country 's western mount elgon national park after rangers killed two ugandan poachers last month , recovering game meat and ammunition , officials said thursday .
china 's foreign minister li zhaoxing will pay his first overseas visit this year to africa and energy exploration is on the agenda , the foreign ministry said thursday .
serbia and montenegro centre-back nemanja vidic was due to link up with his new manchester united team-mates on thursday after having his work permit granted .
at least ## people were killed and ## wounded when a suicide bomber blew himself up thursday outside a police recruitment center in the restive western iraqi town of ramadi , an iraqi security official said .
the japanese maker of the panasonic brand said thursday it had developed the world 's largest <unk> television set with a ###-inch -lrb- #.# meter -rrb- screen .
volkswagen , europe 's biggest car maker , said thursday it was targeting a rise of #.# to ## percent in sales in the united states this year after #### turned out to be another difficult year in the region for the german giant .
french coast guard ships and aircraft were thursday searching for four sailors missing after their trawler sank in the busy english channel , officials said .
the ukrainian pro-moscow opposition coalition on thursday denounced president viktor yushchenko 's leadership over the resolution of a `` gas war '' with russia that has raised fears about the stability of energy supplies to europe .
bird flu in turkey , which has claimed its first human lives outside southeast asia and china , has now been reported in three regions of the country hundreds of miles -lrb- kilometres -rrb- apart .
the euro stabilised against major rivals on thursday amid strong data on the eurozone services sector , while the canadian dollar hit a ##-year high against its us counterpart .
france 's foreign minister on thursday met five bulgarian nurses and a palestinian doctor being held in a libyan jail accused of infecting libyan children with the aids virus .
the european union sent messages of support and solidarity on thursday to israeli leader ariel sharon as he fought for his life in hospital after a massive brain hemorrhage .
the leader of greece 's left coalition parliamentary party on thursday accused the government of attempting to `` cover up '' the case of several pakistani immigrants who claim they were abducted in athens , interrogated and mistreated after last year 's london attacks .
somalia 's feuding president and parliament speaker on thursday signed an agreement pledging to overcome their differences and unify the lawless country 's fractured transitional government .
pakistan thursday said it had dealt sternly with its disgraced nuclear hero who ran a clandestine proliferation network , but other countries had not taken similar action against other people involved .
a serb war crimes fugitive and his son were injured thursday in a gunfight with eu peacekeepers in eastern bosnia , local police said .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon is to remain in a deep coma for the next ## hours after he underwent surgery for a massive brain hemorrhage , a hospital spokesman said .
german interior minister wolfgang schaeuble wants awacs surveillance planes to be used to monitor security during the football world cup finals in germany this year , a report said on thursday .
the indonesian leg of a# grand prix has been postponed due to the death of the championship 's founder , dubai ruler sheikh maktoum bin rashed al-maktoum , the organisers said thursday .
the european commission said on thursday that it was closely watching developments in turkey , after two people died there from bird flu , the first known human fatalities outside southeast asia and china .
before israeli prime minister ariel sharon suffered a massive massive brain hemorrhage late on wednesday , the most serious threat to his health had been his weight , according to doctors who released his medical records last month .
at least ## people have been killed and more than ##,### made homeless by floods that swept across southern africa in the past week , striking a region already grappling with severe food shortages .
norwegian finance minister kristin halvorsen said in a newspaper interview on thursday that she was in favor of a boycott of israeli products in a show of solidarity with the palestinian people .
norway has withdrawn investments of more than ### million dollars -lrb- ###.# million euros -rrb- from seven multinational corporations , including boeing and honeywell of the us , due to ethical concerns over the groups ' production of nuclear arms components , the government said on thursday .
survivors of last year 's huge earthquake in pakistan are at increased risk of pneumonia after recent snow and rain caused the aid effort 's first crisis of the winter , the united nations said thursday .
the first independent poll published ahead of ugandan elections next month suggested thursday that president yoweri museveni would be forced into a runoff with his arch-rival , opposition leader kizza besigye , who is facing treason and terrorism charges .
beleaguered newcastle manager graeme souness has vowed to fight on despite mounting pressure at the st james ' park club .
bolivian president-elect evo morales will briefly visit the netherlands thursday during his european tour for a working dinner with dutch foreign minister ben bot , the ministry of foreign affairs announced .
average temperatures in latvia last year were #.# degrees above the norm of #.# celsius -lrb- ##.## fahrenheit -rrb- , making #### one of the warmest years since #### , the meteorology agency reported thursday .
syria has frozen the assets of former vice president abdel halim khaddam , who has linked damascus to lebanese ex-premier rafiq hariri 's murder , ahead of an inquiry into alleged corruption .
israel 's main opposition labor party announced thursday that it was suspending all its political activity in the wake of prime minister ariel sharon 's brain hemorrhage .
a man linked to the alleged dutch terrorist cell dubbed the hofstad group was released from custody thursday after a rotterdam court ruled that his prolonged detention was unwarranted , the anp news agency reported .
experts from iran , here to discuss tehran 's plans to resume atomic fuel research with the un nuclear watchdog , returned home on thursday without explanation , an official from the iaea said .
ugandan authorities have moved to <unk> opposition leader kizza besigye after he was released on bail this week pending his trials on treason , terrorism , rape and weapons charges , officials said thursday .
chile 's carlo de <unk> riding a ktm won the motorcycle section on the sixth stage of the dakar rally here on thursday .
nearly ## people were killed and more than ### wounded when a suicide bomber blew himself up thursday outside a police recruitment center in the western iraqi town of ramadi , hospital doctors said .
five us soldiers were killed on thursday when a roadside bomb hit their vehicle while on patrol in iraq , the us military said .
italian energy group eni has discovered major oil and gas deposits off the northern tip of norway in a previously <unk> area of the barents sea , norway 's oil directorate said on thursday .
ryanair , europe 's largest low-cost airline , said thursday that it carried nearly #.### million passengers in december -- an increase of ## percent in the same month the previous year .
around ## polish customs officials are among some ### people in the central city of lodz who have been charged with corruption and belonging to a criminal ring , police said thursday .
french interior minister nicolas sarkozy was thursday to see one of several passengers who were terrorised by a gang of youths on a new year 's day train on the french riviera , the newspaper le monde reported .
a <unk> man was sentenced to seven years in prison on thursday in china 's largest ever fossil smuggling case , state media said .
bolton manager sam allardyce has reacted angrily to speculation linking him to newcastle where current boss graeme souness is under pressure after a string of poor results .
turkey 's health minister recep akdag on thursday ruled out the possibility of an `` epidemic '' of bird flu after two teenagers died from the deadly disease in the east of the country .
at least three policemen were killed and two others injured in clashes with maoists in southwest nepal thursday , the first deaths since the end of a rebel ceasefire this week , police said .
iraqi shiite leaders hit out at the us-led coalition thursday charging that its pressure for the security services to keep their gloves on in the fight against sunni insurgents had allowed a string of deadly bombings against the majority community .
treasury secretary john snow denied thursday that china has the united states in an economic stranglehold but renewed demands for greater currency flexibility from beijing .
wall street caught its breath at thursday 's opening after staging a powerful rally over the previous two sessions on hopes for an imminent end to us interest rate hikes .
former australian open champion thomas johannson will ask organisers of the sydney international starting on sunday for a late start in the tournament .
the united states has barred the sale of humvee military vehicles to ethiopia after addis ababa used previously purchased humvees to quell political protests in violence that killed at least ## people , a senior us diplomat said thursday .
us president george w. bush and un secretary general kofi annan expressed concern over israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's health during a telephone conversation on thursday , the white house said .
south african police thursday arrested two ukrainian crew members for murder and attempted murder after they allegedly tossing seven tanzanians stowaways overboard , causing two to drown .
zimbabwe 's cricketers say they will not go to west indies in may for a test and odi tour unless their contracts are agreed , they are paid match fees going back to august last year , and if chairman peter chingoka remains in office .
yemen sent in more troops thursday to a lawless area of the country where tribesmen have kidnapped five italian tourists .
the deaths of two turkish teenagers from suspected bird flu raises questions about turkey 's measures to curb the disease among its poultry flocks , a senior official with a watchdog agency for animal health said on thursday .
it could take a week before doctors treating israeli prime minister ariel sharon , placed in a deep coma after suffering a massive brain hemorrhage , can assess whether he has suffered permanent damage , head surgeon felix <unk> said thursday .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- on thursday called on european countries to step up their vigilance against bird flu after turkey announced that two teens from the same family died from the disease .
blue-green algae that thrives in ponds and sewage reservoirs has potential for treating the debilitating alzheimer 's brain disease , a swiss university announced thursday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice called nuclear-armed , stalinist north korea a `` dangerous regime '' and defended financial sanctions imposed on pyongyang for alleged counterfeiting and money laundering activities .
estonia on thursday slammed as `` untruthful '' a report in the jerusalem post that the israeli government has protested to tallinn after a case was closed against an estonian accused of murdering jews in world war ii .
new zealand 's robbie <unk> has completed his move to northampton until the end of next season after his original transfer was delayed by injury .
haitian prime minister gerard latortue told afp thursday he will step down on february # , despite the country 's elections being postponed .
conservative opposition leader stephen harper promised to beef up canada 's border security thursday to stop the flow of illegal guns being smuggled into the country from the united states ahead of a january ## election .
a german theater company said on thursday that it will stage a play in a berlin brothel designed to focus attention on `` what really happens '' in the world of prostitution .
cuban president fidel castro backed iran 's `` right '' to pursue a peaceful nuclear energy program following a telephone conversation with his iranian counterpart , mahmoud ahmadinejad , the official newspaper granma said thursday .
pilots of cash-strapped cyprus airways became the last hold-outs thursday to accept a restructuring plan envisaging a third of the workforce being axed and massive pay cuts , union officials said .
french banking group credit agricole said thursday it had bought a majority stake in the egypt-based egyptian american bank , reinforcing the position of french banks in the country .
polish troops on thursday handed control of <unk> province in iraq , south of baghdad , to their us counterparts , the general in charge of the polish-led multinational stabilisation force in iraq said .
undisputed welterweight champion zab judah risks his crown against argentina 's carlos baldomir here saturday while fellow american o'neil bell and france 's jean-marc mormeck will unify the cruiserweight crown .
wall street headed up thursday after better-than-expected data on the health of the us services sector helped to temper a disappointing profit outlook from wal-mart stores , traders said .
daimlerchrysler will manufacture a new line of volkswagen minivans in the united states , the automakers said thursday .
colourful canadian poet irving layton , twice considered for a nobel prize in literature for his provocative verse , died wednesday in montreal at the age of ## , according to media reports .
us president george w. bush hosted an unprecedented gathering of current and former secretaries of defense and state at the white house thursday , reaching outside of his tightly-knit <unk> of aides to solicit advice on the way forward in iraq .
manchester city have completed the signing of espanyol winger albert riera on loan for the rest of the season .
cologne 's young german international lukas podolski is out for an as-yet undetermined period of time after picking up a knee injury , the bundesliga club said .
england will play friendlies against uruguay and jamaica ahead of the world cup finals in june and july , the football association has confirmed .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana urged bolivian president-elect evo morales on thursday to do all he could to ensure a secure environment for investment in his country .
south african president thabo mbeki on thursday wished israeli prime minister ariel sharon a speedy recovery saying `` the thoughts and prayers of south africa '' were with the seriously ill politician .
thousands of anti-globalization activists , debt relief campaigners and african advocates for the rural poor are expected in the mali capital later this month at the first world social forum to be held in africa , organizers said thursday .
at least one person was killed in clashes with central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- police thursday as violence broke out on the sidelines of the funeral of a member of the country 's armed forces , sources said .
ratings agency standard and poors cut its credit rating for struggling us automaker ford motor company deeper into junk status thursday .
cameroonian president paul biya has signed into law an amendment voted by the national assembly last month to crack down on child trafficking , an official said thursday .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad said thursday that he hoped israeli prime minister ariel sharon was dead and wished the same for the rest of the jewish state 's leaders , the isna student news agency reported .
france won the #x#km relay in the world cup biathlon series here on thursday .
rival managers sir alex ferguson and jose mourinho have escaped punishment from the fa following public comments that could have landed them in hot water .
the czech foreign ministry said thursday that prague had ratified the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism .
doctors treating israeli prime minister ariel sharon on thursday expressed hope that his apparent stabilisation in a coma could be `` the start of an improvement '' after he suffered a stroke .
pope benedict xvi said thursday he was `` praying for peace in the holy land '' , amid fears that the life or death of critically ill israeli prime minister ariel sharon could profoundly alter the political dynamics in the middle east .
the metropolitan opera announced thursday receipt of the largest individual gift in its history -- a ##-million dollar donation from socialite mercedes bass and her husband , texas investor sid bass .
the united nations has reduced its presence in parts of sudan 's restive darfur region bordering chad because of increased instability there , a spokesman said thursday .
the leader of britain 's second main opposition party called a snap leadership contest thursday after admitting he had been battling a drink addiction .
austria 's marlies schild won the women 's world cup slalom race here on thursday ahead of compatriot kathrin zettel and local favorite janica kostelic .
france won the #x#km relay in the third leg of the world cup biathlon series here on thursday .
the ugandan opposition lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- has been warned to get out of southern sudan , accept peace talks or face attack , the sudanese news agency suna quoted a senior regional official as saying thursday .
gay cowboy drama `` brokeback mountain '' picked up speed in the oscars race thursday when it lassoed a leading four nominations for the screen actors ' guild -lrb- sag -rrb- awards , a key academy awards bellwether .
`` brokeback mountain '' maker ang lee , us star george clooney and movie mogul steven spielberg on thursday won nominations for best director of #### from hollywood 's top filmmaking union .
marv levy , who coached the buffalo bills to four consecutive super bowls but never managed a victory , returned to the american football club thursday as vice president of football operations .
canadian prime minister paul martin offered prayers thursday for his israeli counterpart ariel sharon , who was in `` grave condition '' and clinging to life in hospital after suffering a massive stroke .
ehud olmert , named israel 's acting prime minister after ariel sharon was admitted to hospital , was on thursday banned from jogging in the street for security reasons , local media reported .
four men responsible for purchasing food and other commodities for the roman catholic archdiocese of new york were indicted thursday for scamming more than two million dollars .
the constitutional court in gabon on thursday dismissed a demand by two opposition candidates for the annulment of the november #### presidential election , which returned president omar bongo to the post he has held since #### .
an iranian court said thursday that it would give its verdict within a week in the case of a french skipper and his german client accused of illegally entering territorial waters in november , one of their lawyers said .
seeking their fourth super bowl title in five years and an unprecedented third in a row , the new england patriots open the american football playoffs here saturday against jacksonville .
blue-chip us shares ended flat thursday with gains for the dow average pared by a disappointing profit outlook from wal-mart stores , but the tech-laden nasdaq hit its highest close since may #### .
the number of illegal immigrants apprehended after landing on spanish beaches from north africa fell by a quarter last year , the spanish employment and social affairs ministry said thursday .
israeli artillery pounded the gaza strip late thursday after palestinians fired a makeshift rocket into southern israel , israeli and palestinian sources said .
us president george w. bush on thursday hailed israeli prime minister ariel sharon , who is battling for his life after a massive brain hemorrhage , as a strong man who `` had a vision for peace .
two senior us officials put off a planned trip to the middle east this week after israeli prime minister ariel sharon suffered a massive stroke , the state department said thursday .
coca cola thursday denounced what it called a politically motivated boycott of its products by some us and european universities , denying it conspired with paramilitaries to harass workers in colombia .
the dollar inched higher against the euro thursday in thin trading on expectations the us economy saw robust job creation last month .
the authorities in south sudan called on egyptians to leave the region for their own safety thursday following the killing of ## sudanese refugees by egyptian police in cairo last week , a spokesman told the official suna news agency .
attacks against un personnel around the world rose to ## last year , up from ## the previous year , and claimed a total of ## lives , the un staff union said thursday .
jim mora 's phone bill will be a little higher than expected , after the national football league fined the atlanta falcons coach ##,### dollars for making a cell phone call during a game .
canadian olympic team goaltender marty turco , eligible for free agency at the end of the national hockey league season , thursday signed a four-year contract extension with the dallas stars .
us evangelical broadcaster pat robertson thursday suggested ariel sharon 's stroke was divine retribution for `` dividing god 's land '' of israel , igniting his latest trademark controversy .
george galloway , the british member of parliament and anti-iraq war campaigner , was under the media spotlight again thursday -- but this time as a surprise contestant on a tv reality show .
south african coach mickey arthur has been found not guilty of public criticism of the umpires in the third cricket test against australia , the match referee said friday .
us doctors will perform life-saving surgery next week on an iraqi baby girl whose case was taken up by us soldiers after they raided her parents ' home in iraq , an organization aiding the effort said thursday .
britain has had europe 's biggest increase in deaths from liver cirrhosis , a key indicator of alcohol consumption , a study published on saturday in the lancet says .
chelsea midfielder frank lampard will be staying at the english premiership champions despite interest from barcelona , according to jose mourinho .
dutch striker ruud van nistelrooy has urged manchester united to forget about trying to catch chelsea this season and concentrate on the future .
birmingham made an audacious attempt to sign barcelona striker henrik larsson before snapping up his former celtic teammate , chris sutton , on a short-term contract .
dutch star jan kromkamp is possibly one the most popular signings ever among liverpool fans , without even playing a game yet .
new zealand captain stephen fleming won the toss and opted to bat first against sri lanka in the fourth one-day cricket international here friday .
unknown amateur side <unk> have the chance to create history on saturday when they take on glamour club paris saint germain in the french cup .
spanish league leaders barcelona return to duty after the winter break on saturday with a derby clash against city rivals espanyol whose coach believes frank rijkaard 's side is the best he has ever seen .
arsenal manager arsene wenger insists he will call upon his experienced players for saturday 's fa cup third-round tie with cardiff at highbury .
struggling millwall have turned to the army for help ahead of their fa cup third round tie against everton at the new den on saturday .
australian international midfielder josip <unk> is considering his future with wigan after failing to make an impact at the premiership club since arriving in the summer .
japanese share prices rose #.## percent in morning trade friday , reversing early losses to climb to fresh highs not seen in more than five years , dealers said .
south korean financial authorities on friday intervened to stop the won 's sharp rise against the dollar , announcing measures aimed at reducing the dollar supply and curbing speculation .
the dollar firmed against other major currencies in asian trade friday as the market waited for monthly us employment data for clues on prospects for further interest rate rises , dealers said .
a senior church leader in the philippines has advised outspoken bishops to shun politics and focus on winning new converts in the predominantly roman catholic country , a church spokesman said friday .
japanese share prices rose #.## percent in morning trade friday , reversing early losses to climb to fresh highs not seen in more than five years , dealers said .
oil prices were little changed in asian trade friday but with a weaker bias after better-than-expected us stockpile figures and on forecasts for warmer weather in north america , dealers said .
world computer chip leader intel unveiled thursday a new processor designed to turn a personal computer into a living room multi-media center .
new zealand made ### for nine after winning the toss and electing to bat first in their one-day cricket international against sri lanka here friday .
hong kong share prices finished the friday morning session flat as early gains gave way to profit-taking following a strong run this week , dealers said .
american olin browne tamed the strong winds to post a four-under ## and take the first-round lead at the season-opening mercedes championship on thursday .
a team of international scientists have identified a protein that could play an important role in determining a person 's susceptibility to depression , science magazine reported friday .
a strong earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale was detected late thursday in the pacific ocean ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- south of panama , the us geological survey reported .
a senior expatriate manager at ailing national carrier malaysia airlines has resigned , officials said friday , following a controversy over his salary .
sri lanka 's chaminda vaas ripped through the batting order to restrict new zealand to ### for nine on friday after the hosts ' rare decision to bat first in the fourth one-day international .
the prime minister of burkina faso , <unk> ernest yonli , has been reinstated by president blaise compaore after handing in his resignation , it was announced here .
vietnamese prosecutors have recommended that former british rock star gary glitter stand trial for committing obscene acts with children , officials said friday .
japanese share prices closed little changed friday as some investors locked in gains ahead of key us employment data and a three-day weekend in japan , dealers said .
hong kong movie actor tony leung ka-fai has been handed a suspended jail term for drink-driving , a judiciary spokesman said friday .
a third person , the sister of the two first victims , died early friday of bird flu in the eastern turkish city of van , doctors said .
china stepped up its panda diplomacy offensive with taiwan on friday , urging the island 's authorities to accept a gift of two one-year-old cubs , but the move was dismissed in taipei as `` propaganda .
china intends to make the manufacturing of large commercial airplanes a top priority from #### , the nation 's defense industry announced friday .
top seed nadia petrova pulled out of her semi-final in the auckland classic women 's tennis tournament with a thigh injury in the deciding third set here friday , gifting the match to frenchwoman marion bartoli .
a group of russian sailors have arrived in new zealand for a second attempt to complete the first navigation by yacht of the notorious `` screaming sixties '' stretch of antarctica water .
muslim separatist rebels friday pledged not to attack us troops scheduled to arrive in the strife-torn southern philippines for anti-terror training later this month .
exiled tibetan spiritual leader , the dalai lama , said tibetans in his homeland are still suffering from `` repression forces '' in a swipe at china , a newspaper report said .
five italian hostages who were kidnapped by yemeni tribesmen this week were released friday , a tribal source said .
sectarian rivalries and inefficient iraqi ministries could turn the iraqi security forces into `` militias or armed gangs , '' lt. general john vines , the senior us operational commander in iraq , told the new york times .
a ##-year-old swiss national has been arrested in southern thailand and charged with pedophilia and illegal detention of three underage thai boys , police said friday .
the italian foreign minister confirmed friday that five italian hostages who were kidnapped by yemeni tribesmen have been released .
japanese share prices closed little changed friday as many investors sat on the sidelines ahead of keenly waited us employment data as well as a three-day weekend in japan , dealers said .
england coach sven-goran eriksson insists his side 's solid preparations will ensure their world cup success this summer .
hong kong gold prices closed lower friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
yao wenyuan , the last surviving member of the infamous `` gang of four '' that led china through ## tortuous years of the ####-#### cultural revolution has died , state press reported friday .
former arsenal star ian wright admitted friday that he believes french striker thierry henry is set to leave the gunners at the end of the season .
a group of us protestant church leaders on friday called for an immediate investigation of extra-judicial killings in the philippines and urged the military and communist rebels to respect human rights .
chrysler , the us arm of german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler , is to introduce more flexible production methods in its factories in order boost output , the division 's chief executive tom lasorda said in a newspaper interview published friday .
china has suggested it may diversify its foreign reserve holdings away from a current heavy focus on the us dollar although analysts said friday beijing does not intend a major change in policy .
nigeria 's foreign currency reserves rose to ##.## billion dollars in november #### from ##.# billion the previous month , the central bank of nigeria -lrb- cbn -rrb- said friday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon was undergoing a new brain scan on friday in the hospital where he is being treated after suffering a massive brain hemorrhage , the hospital said .
two us troops were among dozens of people killed in a suicide bombing against a police recruitment center on thursday , bringing the overall us toll on the day to seven , the us military said friday .
injury-plagued england fly-half jonny wilkinson 's latest attempt to return to action after injury has been put on hold for a week .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , extending the strong run seen so far in the new year on continued positive sentiment arising from easing interest rate worries , dealers said .
a total of nine us soldiers were killed in iraq on thursday , when more than ### people lost their lives in one of the bloodiest days since the us-led invasion , the us military said friday .
hong kong share prices are likely to extend the strong gains seen this week into the next on positive sentiment buoyed by easing interest rates worries , dealers said friday .
the european commission will discuss the british budget deficit overrun next week , a spokesman said friday in response to a press report that it is set to recommend the launch of the eu 's disciplinary procedure against britain .
former syrian vice president abdul halim khaddam has said the country 's regime is incapable of reform and must be overthrown , in remarks published friday .
birmingham chairman david gold revealed friday that scottish giants celtic made a last-ditch effort to keep striker chris sutton .
tests carried out by indonesian authorities showed that a man who died this week had bird flu , health authorities said friday .
the bowling action of south african off-spinner johan botha is to be investigated by the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- , a team spokesman said after the third test loss to australia here on friday .
swazi police have arrested a ##th opposition activist for treason related to a spate of petrol-bomb attacks against courthouses and police officers late last year , officials said friday .
british designer phoebe philo has quit as creative director at the french fashion house chloe to spend more time with her young daughter .
taiwanese president chen shui-bian won friday a civil suit against two opposition lawmakers who alleged he had given a one-million dollar check as hush money to former panamanian president mireya moscoso .
google , the us internet search engine , is to cooperate with motorola in the area of mobile phones , the head of google europe , <unk> arora , said in a german newspaper interview on friday .
the main armed palestinian factions issued a joint appeal friday for an end to the spiralling security chaos in the gaza strip .
world oil prices rebounded on friday , as fund buying offset high inventories of us energy and expectations of milder weather in the us northeast region , the biggest consumer of heating fuel , analysts said .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has been returned to the operating theater after doctors detected further bleeding in his brain , a hospital spokesman said friday .
alexandre gaydamak , the son of a russian billionaire , has been confirmed as co-owner of struggling english premiership side portsmouth , the club said friday .
millions of people are on the brink of starvation in the horn of africa due to severe droughts and conflicts , the united nations food agency said on friday .
the paris ready-to-wear salon to be held here next month will for the first time put the emphasis on fair trade and ethical design , organisers said .
unemployment in the eurozone affected #.# percent of the workforce in november , unchanged from the previous month , seasonally adjusted data from the european union 's eurostat statistics office showed friday .
a moroccan man who kept his four daughters <unk> in the name of islam was given an eight-month suspended prison term and deprived of his parental rights by a court in southern france on friday .
indonesia on friday urged military-ruled myanmar to take `` tangible '' steps towards democracy and make good on its promises to reform .
an italian tourist was shot dead early friday in an attempted robbery in kenya 's exclusive indian ocean resort of malindi , police said .
italian insurance giant generali is to sell off close to ### million euros ' -lrb- ### million dollars ' -rrb- worth of real estate in germany , a top executive of generali 's german unit amb generali said in a newspaper interview published friday .
bulgaria on friday refused demands by russian state-controlled gazprom to review its <unk> contract with the bulgarian state-owned company bulgargaz , the economy and energy minister said .
european stock markets mainly climbed in opening deals on friday after succumbing to profit-taking the day before .
a contrite frenchman who stole a relic from a norwegian museum ## years ago has returned the item , but art experts are now scratching their heads over what the obscure object is and where it came from , the norwegian embassy in paris said on friday .
rights groups in the central african republic friday condemned the lynching of a non-commissioned officer by other soldiers and the failure of the authorities to react to the murder .
middlesbrough have accepted the transfer request of their australian goalkeeper mark schwarzer , the english premiership side confirmed on friday .
industrial output in germany contracted slightly in november , weighed down by falling activity in the key manufacturing and construction sectors , data published by the german economy and technology ministry showed on friday .
the dollar firmed against the euro and the yen on friday ahead of a crucial jobs report from the united states .
matchplay greats nick faldo and ian woosnam will take on home heroes thaworn wiratchant and thongchai jaidee in a blockbuster foursomes match in the royal trophy showdown between europe and asia on saturday .
warner brothers international cinemas -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , the world-leading multiplex exhibitor , announced friday that it would move its global architecture and construction center from london to shanghai .
eleven us servicemen were killed in iraq on thursday , making it the bloodiest day for american forces since august , when ## people died , according to figures released by the military on friday .
the israeli press on friday appeared resigned to a bleak future without the overwhelming presence of prime minister ariel sharon , who remains in critical condition following a massive brain hemorrhage .
britain 's michael east confirmed friday he will not defend his #,### metres title at the commonwealth games in melbourne in march because of an ongoing achilles injury .
morocco 's king mohammed vi was to play host friday to families of victims of human rights abuses committed under his father 's rule , and make a televised speech on the matter , an official source said .
a maltese cargo ship was impounded friday on suspicion of colliding with a trawler that sank in the english channel , as the search resumed for five missing crew members , french maritime police said .
worcester winger <unk> <unk> and bristol number eight dan <unk> have both been cited for alleged foul play by the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- on friday .
a caller to a british radio phone-in show died while on air , the program 's host said friday as he described his shock .
british foreign secretary jack straw paid a surprise trip to basra in southern iraq on friday , a british embassy spokesman said .
nato 's military commander was hopeful on friday that the netherlands would agree to send troops to southern afghanistan but insisted that the alliance should move into the region by june .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier will visit the middle east this month , his spokesman said friday , amid uncertainty over the future of israeli prime minister ariel sharon .
kyrgyz president kurmanbek bakiyev friday authorized the holding of a referendum on a new constitution this year , his office said , fulfilling a promise made prior to the election that brought him to power .
the world health organisation sought friday to allay panic following the deaths of three people in turkey from bird flu , even though it said the disease was now `` at the doors of europe .
british foreign secretary jack straw was in the main southern iraqi city of basra on friday to meet local politicians following the country 's general election , the foreign office said .
israeli political leaders have remained tight-lipped about their ambitions while prime minister ariel sharon fights for his life but , with no designated successor , his departure from the political scene will trigger a scramble for power .
six employees of a senegalese private media group which saw a number of its radio stations shut down after an interview with a separatist leader were acquitted friday of state security charges .
germany 's patric leitner and alexander resch won the sixth leg of the eight-race doubles luge world cup here friday , to move to the top of the overall standings .
slovak second seed dominik hrbaty moved into the semi-finals of the australian hardcourt championship and took over as title favorite after a straight sets win over denmark 's kenneth carlsen here friday .
british foreign secretary jack straw is to meet turkish cypriot leader mehmet ali talat in the breakaway north of the divided mediterranean island later this month , a spokeswoman for talat told afp friday .
from tokyo to new york , newspapers around the world looked back friday at the past of israeli prime minister ariel sharon , gravely ill in a jerusalem hospital , and speculated , often fearfully , about the future .
british police said they arrested a ##-year-old man on friday on suspicion of having items likely to be of use to a terrorist in an investigation connected to southeast asia .
the ##km race in the fourth leg of the world cup biathlon series scheduled for friday has been postponed for a day because of thick fog , organisers said .
sir alex ferguson has confirmed that manchester united will sign france international full-back patrice evra from monaco next week .
germany 's reigning world champion sylke otto won the sixth leg of the eight-race doubles luge world cup here friday .
bolivia 's president-elect evo morales arrived in france on friday on the latest leg of a world tour , ahead of weekend talks with president jacques chirac , the bolivian embassy said .
germany 's reigning world and olympic champion sylke otto won the sixth leg of the eight-race doubles luge world cup here friday .
kenya 's government on friday ordered the immediate purchase of `` all available maize in the country '' in an emergency bid to stave off deaths from a searing drought that has killed dozens and placed millions at risk of famine across east africa .
burundi 's army said friday it had killed three members of the country 's last active rebel group and captured a fourth in an ambush on a guerrilla base north of the capital .
the state of israel is one of the world 's youngest countries , having been carved out in the last century from what used to be the ottoman empire .
harlequins rugby league , formerly the london broncos , announced the signing of australian center matt <unk> from canberra raiders on friday .
wall street shares shot higher in opening trade friday as a weaker-than-expected report on us job growth eased inflation concerns and raised hopes of a quick end to the cycle of interest rate hikes .
the united states claimed their fourth hopman cup international mixed teams tennis tournament title here friday after defeating the netherlands #-# in the final at perth 's burswood dome .
an american man could be cleared of murder nearly ## years after he was put to death , after virginia 's governor made an unprecedented decision to order dna tests on an executed convict .
leeds tykes boss phil davies believes his side has turned a corner , despite still languishing in the premiership relegation zone having lost their last two matches .
belarus will be rocked by mass street protests if long-time president alexander lukashenko cheats in march 's presidential election , the main opposition candidate said here friday .
two colombian drug barons who headed what was considered britain 's biggest cocaine cartel were handed ## - and ##-year jail terms after a police swoop on the network , it was revealed friday .
india and pakistan will start a second rail link connecting the two countries from february # as part of an ongoing peace process , an indian rail official said friday .
tests done in britain have confirmed the presence of the deadly h#n# strain of bird flu in three people , including two of the children who died this week , the turkish health ministry said friday .
russia hit back friday at comments by us secretary of state condoleezza rice over its gas price dispute with ukraine , saying the issue was a bilateral one between the two neighbors .
dozens of terror attack victims have filed lawsuits in us federal court against two european banks for allegedly providing services to organizations designated as terrorist groups by the united states .
some of the five italian hostages freed after being held by yemeni tribesmen spoke friday of being held at gunpoint , in a state of constant fear , without adequate warm clothing .
anglo-dutch oil giant shell has restored oil exports from its fields in southern nigeria following a pipeline explosion which had initially cut production by ###,### barrels per day , a statement said friday .
russian coastguards have freed at least ## ukranian fishermen who were forced to work as unpaid slaves on an aged russian <unk> vessel , some for nearly a year , the international organisation for migration -lrb- iom -rrb- said on friday .
verizon communications said friday it completed its #.#-billion-dollar purchase of mci , creating one of the giants battling for dominance in the us telecom market .
saudi arabia sent back a nigerian plane carrying ### muslim pilgrims on friday after they missed their deadline to arrive for the annual hajj ceremonies , state radio reported .
indian shares are expected to keep up their rally next week on the back of an expected strong corporate earnings performance for the <unk> quarter , dealers said .
denmark 's ruling conservative party on friday called on greenland 's government to immediately put an end to <unk> and fur imports from canada because of the `` barbaric '' killing methods used .
russian forces continue to sustain losses in its restive caucasian republics of chechnya and neighbouring dagestan , according to figures quoted by officials friday .
italian companies marketing useless slimming and <unk> products have been fined more than ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- for dishonest advertising , it was disclosed friday .
delegates from ## caribbean states are to meet on the island of barbados next week to plan the setting-up of a tsunami early warning system , unesco said in a statement on friday .
haiti 's interim prime minister gerard latortue on friday asked the un security council to hold a special session on haiti .
belgacom , belgium 's state-controlled telecoms group , closed its public offer for shares in fellow belgian it company telindus on friday with analysts forecasting the clear success of the takeover attempt .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on friday canceled a scheduled trip to indonesia and australia to keep watch on israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's fight for life , officials said .
the world bank friday suspended payments to chad in response to the african country 's modification of a <unk> law governing the use of its oil wealth , bank president paul wolfowitz announced .
a belgian court will rule on february ## in the trial of suspected members of a radical moroccan group linked to the madrid bombings and the casablanca attacks , the belga news agency said on friday .
unseeded belgian kristof vliegen stormed into the semi-finals of the atp chennai open with a superb #-# , #-# win over former champion paradorn srichaphan of thailand here on friday .
federal police are looking into another possible canadian government funding scandal , one week after launching a probe into an alleged illegal government leak involving income trusts , local media reported friday .
burkina faso launched friday a campaign against elephantiasis , a lymphatic disease spread by parasites which affects more than one million people in the northwest african country .
chad again accused sudan friday of backing rebel groups against the government of president idriss deby , as a rebel leader said negotiations were under way among the groups to form a united opposition front .
the fight for life of israeli prime minister ariel sharon may have sparked intense concern in western capitals but arab governments have kept virtually silent about the plight of a man still widely reviled by their peoples .
us stocks rose friday , extending the january rally , as a weaker-than-expected report on job growth boosted hopes that the federal reserve would end its policy of interest rate hikes sooner rather than later .
<unk> jazz and soul crooner lou rawls , famed for his #### hit `` you 'll never find -lrb- another love like mine -rrb- '' , died of lung and brain cancer friday at the age of ## .
british police said friday they believed they had `` ripped the heart '' out of drug trafficking into britain after two colombian cocaine barons were jailed following a mammoth police investigation .
world number one and defending champion roger federer eased into the final of the ###,###-dollar qatar open here on friday with a #-# , #-# win over germany 's tommy haas .
dutch prime minister jan peter balkenende is slated to tour india 's booming high-tech zone and meet senior leaders later this month , the royal information service announced friday .
england under-## centre-back anton ferdinand , younger brother of manchester united 's rio , has signed a contract extension with west ham that will keep him at upton park until #### .
two european banks -- credit lyonnais of france and natwest of britain -- on friday denied charges made in us lawsuits that they provided services to organizations designated as terrorist groups by the united states .
london 's stock market will look to extend its strong start to #### next week when a number of leading british companies provide trading updates and the bank of england was expected to keep rates on hold , analysts said .
an asbestos-laden french warship en route for an indian scrapyard will continue its journey pending a final indian court ruling on allowing it into the country , france 's defense ministry said friday .
real madrid 's new signing antonio cassano of italy has torn a muscle which will delay his return to fitness , coach juan ramon lopez caro said on friday .
attention editors , technicians and staff : as of january ## , #### , afp will modify its use of story categories , the broadest way of organizing copy , and introduce a new list of attributes such as profile , <unk> or exclusive to help clients navigate the wire .
world number one and defending champion roger federer will take on french teenager gael monfils in the the final of the ###,###-dollar qatar open here on saturday .
ten people have died of exposure to cold in poland since the start of the year , bringing to ## the number who have fallen victim to freezing weather this winter , a police spokesman said friday .
a <unk> anti-terrorism court handed down a spate of sentences friday ranging from two to six years , a judicial source said .
finland 's janne ahonen and jakub janda of the czech republic became the first ever joint winners of the four hills ski jump competition following the final leg here on friday .
the <unk> deal between russia and ukraine on gas prices appeared to be in the balance friday as ukraine said it did not need russian gas , before changing tack .
roger federer 's preparation for the year 's first grand slam , the australian open in ten days ' time , gathered momentum as he reached the final in defense of his qatar open title on friday .
the hungarian news agency , mti , marked its ###th anniversary on friday with a ceremony inside the country 's parliament building .
alberto fujimori 's daughter keiko and other supporters on friday threw his hat into the ring for peru 's upcoming vote , defying the government 's ruling that the former president is not eligible to stand in elections until #### .
a frenchwoman arrested in mexico in #### for a foiled bank robbery committed a quarter of a century ago walked free out of a paris courthouse friday after receiving a suspended sentence .
microsoft released a security fix for a recently discovered flaw in its windows operating system several days early , in a bid to foil hackers trying to exploit the vulnerability .
finland 's janne ahonen and jakub janda of the czech republic became the first ever joint winners of the four hills ski jump competition following the final leg here on friday .
rafael benitez has promised to try to win the fa cup this season with liverpool after suffering third round humiliation last season when he fielded a weakened side .
seven algerians living in central france were among those who died when a hostel in mecca , saudia arabia , collapsed this week , killing at least ## people , officials said friday .
i. lewis `` scooter '' libby , the former top aide to vice president dick cheney who was indicted in the cia leak case , has a new job , focusing on asia and anti-terrorism at a conservative think tank .
canada 's unemployment rate increased in december to #.# percent , up #.# points from the previous month , statistics canada reported friday , confounding economists who had expected to see job growth .
the un security council on friday called on haiti 's interim government to approve a new election schedule quickly and hold a first round of voting no later than february # .
us president george w. bush pledged friday to press for a global agreement to liberalize trade under the wto doha round and seek additional bilateral free-trade deals that he said boosted economic growth .
netherlands striker robin van persie has signed a new long-term contract with arsenal that will commit him to the english premiership club until #### .
chad accused sudanese militias friday of carrying out three attacks in the east of the country in which nine civilians were killed , in what the government said was a new act of `` agression '' .
bird flu has been found in two wild ducks near the turkish capital , ankara , days after the country suffered its first human fatalities from the disease , the agriculture minister said friday .
a british court friday jailed for six years a paedophile who preyed on boys in ghana , using for the first time laws directed at sex tourism .
in the event of a serving prime minister 's death in israel , the government is deemed to have automatically resigned on the same day , according to the provisions of the country 's basic law .
portsmouth and manchester united proved to be two of the busiest teams in the transfer market on friday as the premiership rivals wrapped up major deals .
security officers have arrested an arab israeli on suspicion that he was recruited by iranian intelligence agents during a stay in cyprus years ago , israeli media reported friday .
more than four years after the restaurant on top of the world trade center was destroyed in the september ## attacks , surviving staff have founded a new co-operative eatery in lower manhattan .
hundreds of widows of soldiers of liberia 's regular government army took to the streets of the capital friday demanding their late husbands ' pension and benefits payouts , an afp correspondent witnessed .
three suspected islamist militants were killed by police in the russian republic of kabardino-balkaria , a police spokeswoman said friday .
the minnesota vikings , who sacked coach mike tice shortly after winning their last game of the national football league season , named brad childress as his successor on friday .
the way was cleared for jets coach herman edwards to move to kansas city on friday when the national football league approved a compensation agreement between the two teams .
senegalese international el hadj diouf pleaded his innocence on friday after being accused of assaulting the former wife of a bolton wanderers teammate .
a court condemned a british man friday to six years in prison for ## counts of sexually preying on destitute boys in ghana and abusing minors in britain .
the united states refused friday to be rattled by one of iraq 's bloodiest days since the fall of saddam hussein and said the insurgency would not disrupt the country 's political progress .
larry hughes had surgery to repair his broken right middle finger on friday and the cleveland cavaliers guard is expected to miss two months , the national basketball association team said .
rod <unk> , who guided the university of southern california to ## us collegiate baseball titles and influenced a host of future major leaguers , has died at the age of ## , university officials said .
cuba 's official newspaper on friday dismissed a german documentary claiming havana was behind us president john f. kennedy 's assassination as part of a conspiracy to topple fidel castro .
stade francais regained top spot in the french championship on friday when they ran in six tries to defeat narbonne ##-## to register a fourth successive league win and pick up a valuable bonus point .
anderlecht 's nenad <unk> of serbia-montenegro has joined united arab emirates club al ain , the belgian first division club said on friday .
windy city waistlines are the widest in america , according to a new survey which names chicago as the fattest us metropolis and honors baltimore in the northeast as the fittest .
us stocks rallied friday , as the main indexes hit #-#\/# - year highs , after a weaker-than-expected jobs report raised hopes for a quick end to the federal reserve cycle of interest-rate hikes .
wall street got off to a strong start in the first week of #### as investors set their sights on a shift by the federal reserve away from its policy of steady interest rate hikes .
the united states on friday played down a dramatic surge in violence in iraq and said political progress would eventually defuse sectarian tensions .
reigning alpine world cup overall champion bode miller , no stranger to controversy , is sure to spark more debate with his admission to a us television news show that he has skied while drunk .
the dallas cowboys , who failed to make the national football league playoffs for the second straight season , will nonetheless continue to count on coach bill parcells .
at least five sri lankan sailors were killed and ## others were missing early saturday following the sinking of a navy gunboat in a suspected suicide bombing , the military said .
the us military said on friday that ## detainees held at the us naval base at guantanamo bay , cuba remain on hunger strike after ## decided to withdraw from the protest .
tim henman , the finest british player for more than ## years , has revealed a new plan to rescue a career which is in crisis .
burton albion face a race against time to get their pirelli stadium pitch ready for the sunday afternoon fa cup third round tie against english premiership giants manchester united .
controversial midfielder roy keane will make his long-awaited celtic debut when the glasgow giants take on clyde in the scottish cup third round on sunday .
a plethora of gadgets featured at the world 's biggest electronics fair here are designed to turn cars into multi-media digital command centers , providing navigation assistance for the driver and entertainment for passengers .
asian gadget makers at an electronics show here are showcasing portable multimedia devices , providing fresh competition to apple 's hot-selling ipod music and video player .
teenage hollywood actress lindsay lohan has left a miami hospital after being admitted due to an asthma attack , her publicist said friday .
the united states said friday it was `` deeply concerned '' over cambodia 's widening crackdown on government critics .
an american teenage amputee whose prosthetic leg was stolen has recovered the artificial limb after it was apparently placed in her yard by a remorseful thief , police said friday .
the chinese supreme people 's court last year commuted ##.# percent of all death sentences submitted to it for review , state media said saturday .
marion bartoli won her first wta title here saturday with a comfortable straight-sets win over russian vera zvonareva in the final of the auckland classic women 's tournament .
jason kidd posted his ##th career triple-double on friday to help the nets to their ninth straight national basketball association victory , ###-### over orlando .
fbi agents arrested a south korean man on friday in connection with the un oil-for-food scandal , us authorities said .
the russian and ukrainian presidents , vladimir putin and viktor yushchenko , will meet january ## in astana on the sidelines of ceremonies to inaugurate kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev , putin 's spokesman said friday .
first baseman jt snow , winner of six straight gold glove awards from ####-#### , agreed to a one-year deal with the boston red sox on friday .
twelve guerrillas and two government troops have been killed in fighting between the colombian military and farc rebels in meta province , a military source said friday .
at least eight pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed overnight when unidentified assailants attacked a checkpoint in a tribal region near the afghan border , officials said saturday .
burkina faso prime minister <unk> ernest yonli , reinstated by president blaise compaore after handing in his resignation , formed a new ##-member government friday including five women , it was announced here .
rising czech star lucie safarova capped a big week with victory in the final of the australian women 's hardcourt tennis tournament here on saturday .
a suspected suicide bomber blew himself up near a police vehicle in eastern afghanistan on saturday , injuring one policeman , officials said .
home stars thaworn wiratchant and thongchai jaidee downed matchplay greats nick faldo and ian woosnam to give asia some cheer as the visiting europeans took a #-# lead after the opening foursomes in the first royal trophy here on saturday .
former british open champion roshan khan , the father of pakistan squash legend jahangir khan , has died at the age of ## , his family said saturday .
fallen australian tennis star mark philippoussis on saturday was given wildcard entry into the main draw of this month 's australian open .
eleven people were wounded , including a number of police commandos , when a car bomb exploded saturday next to their patrol in southeast baghdad , an interior ministry official said .
ricky ponting , celebrating his <unk> role in australia 's #-# series win over south africa , has been confirmed as the world 's number one batsman by the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
the us congress 's research arm has concluded that the bush administration 's justification for eavesdropping without warrants `` conflicts with existing law and hinges on weak legal arguments , '' the washington post reported saturday .
the new zealand cricketers have no intention of easing up on sri lanka as the aim for a clean sweep in their one-day cricket series which ends here sunday .
unseeded players xavier malisse and florent serra set up an unlikely australian men 's hardcourt championship singles final on saturday with convincing victories over higher-ranked opponents .
the south african team is expected to get an icc report on off-spinner johan botha 's bowling action within the next ## hours , a team spokesman said here saturday .
former syrian vice president abdul halim khaddam , who has accused damascus of involvement in the murder of lebanese ex-prime minister rafiq hariri , met un investigators in paris this week , he told afp saturday .
an ##-year-old iranian woman who killed a man she said tried to rape her has been sentenced to death for murder , according to a press report saturday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon underwent a new brain scan on saturday , a spokesman for the hadassah hospital in jerusalem said .
india 's petroleum minister mani shankar aiyar is to visit china next week on a trip seen as aiming to firm up energy cooperation between the asian giants .
the convicted murderer of dutch filmmaker theo van gogh , on trial for allegedly belonging to a terrorist organization , wants to present his own closing argument , a report said saturday .
spain 's defense minister jose bono was due saturday to relieve of his duties a general who suggested that it was the army 's duty to intervene if the catalonian region acquired too much autonomy .
german chancellor angela merkel criticises the us detention camp at guantanamo bay , days before she is due to meet us president george w. bush , in an interview to appear monday .
russian envoys held talks with iranian officials saturday on a proposed compromise to end a stand-off with the west over tehran 's determination to press ahead with uranium enrichment , state television reported .
norway 's hilde g. pedersen won the nordic skiing ##km classic race here on saturday ahead of estonia 's kristina smigun and justina kowalczyk of poland .
poor snow , brought about by heavy rain , has forced the cancellation of saturday 's women 's world cup giant slalom race here , organisers confirmed .
bad weather forced experts from the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- to postpone a trip saturday to remote eastern turkey , where bird flu claimed its first human lives outside east asia this week .
a posh bulgarian hospital was used as a black market for kidney transplants for foreigners , with recipients purportedly paying ##,### dollars -lrb- ##,### euros -rrb- for the operation , reports said saturday .
zyta gilowska has been appointed poland 's new finance minister , the president 's office announced saturday .
england premiership side bolton confirmed saturday that they have released former france midfielder martin <unk> .
turkish and iranian authorities are disinfecting vehicles passing from the crossing point between the two countries after the first human deaths of bird flu were confirmed on the turkish side of the border , anatolia news agency reported saturday .
france 's vincent defrasne achieved his maiden world cup win in the men 's ##km biathlon sprint race here on saturday .
the exiled head of syria 's banned muslim brotherhood said saturday his movement was ready to work with the country 's former vice-president abdel-halim khaddam to bring about a change of regime .
several thousand people gathered saturday in downtown tirana to protest against prime minister sali berisha 's government at the first opposition rally since he was appointed last october .
serbian president boris tadic joined bosnian serbs gathered here saturday , on orthodox christmas , to remember their dead from the ####-## war .
bird flu has been detected in two more regions in eastern turkey , where the first human deaths from the virus outside east asia were confirmed , agriculture minister mehdi <unk> said saturday .
top rally driver markko martin of estonia has said he will give up driving in the world rally championship , because he feels he is too old to continue , press reports said saturday .
bird flu virus has been detected in a fourth person in eastern turkey , two of whom have died of the disease , health minister recep akdag said saturday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's health emergency began on wednesday night , when he was rushed to hospital after suffering a major stroke that involved bleeding in the brain .
canadian pop singer bryan adams is to perform at a fundraising concert for quake victims this month in karachi , becoming the first western pop star to play in pakistan since the start of the `` war on terror , '' organisers said saturday .
sachin tendulkar and skipper rahul dravid showed early form as four touring batsmen hit half centuries against pakistan ` a ' at <unk> ground here on saturday .
a neighbor of a bosnian serb woman killed by eu forces -lrb- eufor -rrb- in bosnia challenged saturday the peacekeepers ' claim that she died after shooting at them to stop them arresting her husband , wanted on war crimes charges .
austria 's benjamin raich won the men 's world cup giant slalom here on saturday .
the british embassy in jordan announced saturday that it would remain closed `` until further notice '' as it warned travellers of the threat of new attacks on western targets in the kingdom .
egyptian mp talaat sadat , whose uncle became the first arab leader to make peace with israel , called for a boycott of all mail coming from the jewish state in protest against a stamp deemed offensive to islam .
a total of ### illegal immigrants were taken off their boat after it broke down off sicily on saturday , local authorities said .
bollywood megastar amitabh bachchan 's health is slowly returning to normal after he underwent bowel surgery last november , his wife jaya bachchan said saturday .
a ##-hour strike announced by employees of the london underground set to begin late on sunday was looking inevitable after the failure of last minute talks between underground management and unions .
french motorcyclist david <unk> won his first ever stage of the dakar rally here on saturday .
kuwait is expected to post a surplus of up to ## billion dollars in the current fiscal year , national bank of kuwait said saturday , revising downward its previous forecast of ## billion dollars .
aston villa avoided a potential fa cup banana skin on saturday with a narrow #-# win over hull city at the kc stadium .
russian patriarch alexei ii urged ukraine 's orthodox christian believers to end long-standing divisions and unite with moscow in his christmas message on saturday .
the european union called on iran saturday not to resume its nuclear activities as planned next week , saying they would violate resolutions of the un watchdog international atomic energy agency and jeopardise talks .
iraq 's outgoing president jalal talabani has been <unk> to run for the job , the two largest kurdish parties announced saturday .
french president jacques chirac met bolivia 's newly-elected <unk> evo morales on saturday for discussions in which prospects for french investment in bolivia 's oil industry were a major theme .
birmingham have abandoned hopes of trying to re-sign former striker andrew johnson after having a <unk> offer worth approximately #.# million pounds -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- rejected by crystal palace .
germany 's kati wilhelm won the women 's world cup biathlon #.# km sprint event here on saturday ahead of sweden 's anna carin olofsson and linda tjorhom of norway .
charles kennedy , leader of britain 's third-ranked liberal democrats , announced saturday he was quitting with immediate effect and would not stand in a new leadership election .
us president george w. bush on saturday called for extending tax cuts adopted in his first term , which he said had bolstered economic growth .
the saudi authorities have reacted angrily to complaints by iraq 's outgoing prime minister ibrahim jaafari that thousands of his countrymen were barred from joining the annual pilgrimage , dismissing them as mere politicking .
olympic sprint champion kati wilhelm of germany won the women 's world cup biathlon #.# km sprint event here on saturday ahead of sweden 's anna carin olofsson and linda tjorhom of norway .
followers of the al-aqsa martyrs brigades on saturday ordered international observers overseeing this month 's palestinian election to leave the jenin area of the northern west bank .
the chief neurologist battling to save the life of ariel sharon said saturday that he was `` more optimistic '' about the israeli prime minister 's condition .
officials in regions infected by bird flu in eastern turkey complained saturday over what they described as a too slow response by the authorities to bird flu alerts in the remote area , some of which were dated two months ago , anatolia news agency reported .
south africa completed internal preparations for the #### african nations cup with a #-# win over a premier soccer league xi this weekend .
a congolese court has ordered the seizure of equipment used by air france , sn brussels and ethiopian airlines for their alleged failure to pay for ground services , a judicial source said saturday .
doctors treating israeli prime minister ariel sharon after his massive brain hemorrhage said saturday that he was still in a critical but stable condition .
hosts egypt beat zimbabwe #-# in a friendly here to maintain good form ahead of the african nations cup which kicks off on january ## in cairo .
pope benedict xvi stressed his commitment to bringing christian churches closer together during a meeting with a delegation of presbyterian and congregational church leaders at the vatican on saturday .
the #### belgian formula one grand prix is in jeopardy because of major delays in improvements to the spa-francorchamps circuit , the belgian press reported on saturday .
deposed formula one world champion michael schumacher will decide midway through the #### season whether or not to continue racing .
a ##-year-old man arrested by british police on suspicion of having items likely to be of use to a terrorist in an investigation connected to southeast asia was released without charge saturday .
world number one roger federer started the new season in exactly the same way he began the last by winning the qatar open for a second successive time with a #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- win over french teenager gael monfils .
the new <unk> city hornets , chased from their louisiana home by the devastation from hurricane katrina , will return to new orleans for three games in march , the national basketball association said .
chilean general eduardo <unk> herman on saturday took over as interim military commander of the united nations peacekeeping mission in haiti , hours after his predecessor , general urano teixeira da matta bacellar of brazil , was found dead , defense ministry officials said here .
the transportation of animals across turkey for the looming muslim feast of the sacrifice may accelerate the spread of bird flu in the country , experts warned saturday .
five italian hostages freed after being held for five days in yemen arrived back home saturday at <unk> airport near rome .
unknown gunmen have shot and killed an african union -lrb- au -rrb- peacekeeper and wounded ten others in sudan 's troubled western region of darfur , where they were working on a mission , the organization said saturday .
marcus vick , the younger brother of atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick , plans to join his star sibling in the national football league after being banished from his college team .
the part-time players of <unk> borough , exactly ### league places beneath middlesbrough in the english football hierarchy , caused the shock of the fa cup third round on saturday with an incredible #-# draw against the premiership club .
alan shearer had a double reason to celebrate on saturday , the newcastle center forward equalling his club 's all time goalscoring record as he fired the only and winning goal in their fa cup third round tie against mansfield .
new york islanders forward eric godard was suspended two games without pay by the national hockey league here saturday after <unk> carolina 's justin williams in a #-# road loss friday night .
around #,### mostly italian demonstrators protested in the french , alpine town of chambery saturday against the building of a high-speed rail link between france and italy .
germany has offered to send turkey virus specialists to help combat the spread of bird flu , which has already killed two people there and infected at least two others .
manchester united icon eric cantona paved the way for further french players and made the club very popular in france , united 's new recruit patrice evra said on saturday .
austrian explorer heinrich harrer 's long and rocky life , from officer in hitler 's elite ss guard to his friendship with the dalai lama and scores of high mountain passes in between , drew peacefully to an end in eastern austria saturday .
zimbabwe cricketers called off their strike on saturday and gave the game 's rulers three weeks to find a solution to the impasse which once again threatens the strife-torn country 's test status .
former tour de france champion jan ullrich has not been given a weight limit for his first race this season , the manager of his t-mobile team olaf ludwig said on saturday .
the mystery surrounding the authenticity of a skull supposedly belonging to that of composer wolfgang amadeus mozart will be lifted sunday when austrian television airs a documentary featuring the results of a conclusive dna test .
several thousand people took part in a rally saturday in bilbao , a port city in spain 's northern basque region , to demand better conditions for radical nationalist prisoners , spanish media and regional politicians said .
maritime authorities in malta have opened an inquiry into the suspected collision between a maltese cargo ship and a french fishing trawler which sank in the english channel , the maltese maritime authority said late saturday .
representative tom delay , a close political ally of president george w. bush who is mired in a campaign finance controversy , has definitively renounced the post of republican majority leader in the house of representatives , one of his aides said saturday .
welsh fly-half stephen jones will leave french side clermont auvergne and return to llanelli at the end of the season , the scarlets announced on saturday .
finland international goalkeeper antti niemi will join premiership side fulham from southampton for just over one million pounds on monday , the championship side said on saturday .
south africa named a ##-man squad saturday for the african nations cup in egypt this month .
a second-half penalty scored by ousmane bangoura gave guinea a #-# win over togo here on saturday in an african nations cup warm-up match .
british prime minister tony blair has called on his labor party colleagues to `` relax '' about the threat from the main opposition <unk> ' new leader david cameron .
an australian woman has died in a shark attack at a popular queensland state tourist destination , ambulance officers said .
argentinian tennis star david nalbandian sees himself switching sports and becoming a rally driver in the near future .
relatives of jean charles de menezes , the brazilian accidentally shot dead by british police , held a memorial mass in london saturday to mark what would have been his ##th birthday .
houston rockets juwan howard was suspended one game by the national basketball association 's disciplinary committee for pushing the ball in the face of a toronto raptor .
sean taylor ran ## yards for a touchdown with a fumble recovery and washington 's defense dominated tampa bay in a ##-## victory here saturday in a first-round national football league playoff game .
after watching middlesbrough draw #-# against non-league <unk> borough in one of the biggest fa cup shocks for years , steve mcclaren admitted it could have been worse - his team could easily have lost to the part-timers .
newcastle skipper alan shearer scored his ###th goal for the <unk> on saturday to take him level with the legendary jackie milburn and then dedicated the achievement to his mother .
saddam hussein and seven co-defendants are standing trial on charges of crimes against humanity for the massacre of ### iraqi shiites more than two decades ago .
mexico 's ulises solis captured the international boxing federation light flyweight title here saturday , dethroning american will grigsby with a ##-round unanimous decision .
all-rounder jacques kallis will miss south africa 's twenty## cricket international against australia at the gabba here on monday .
bolivia 's left-wing president-elect , evo morales , arrived in china sunday as part of a whistle-stop global tour ahead of his inauguration later this month .
eurozone data in the coming week will show germany 's economic prospects are continuing to brighten , auguring well for the bloc as a whole , economists said .
o'neil bell knocked out jean-marc mormeck in the ##th round here saturday to claim the undisputed world cruiserweight title .
shinzo abe , the popular favorite to succeed japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi , on sunday criticized china for its boycott of a japan-china summit due to their diplomatic spat over wartime history .
stalinist north korea is demanding billions of dollars in compensation for alleged atrocities against prisoners of war and spies formerly held in south korea , according to state media .
marvan atapattu played a captain 's knock of ## as sri lanka posted a competitive ### for six in the fifth and final one-day cricket international against new zealand here sunday .
o'neil bell knocked out jean-marc mormeck in the ##th round here saturday to claim the undisputed world cruiserweight title .
the utah jazz can not even produce a winning record more than two months into the national basketball association season , but they have mastered defeating the league-leading detroit pistons .
argentina 's carlos baldomir seized the world boxing council welterweight title from zab judah on saturday with a ##-round unanimous decision that ended the american 's reign as undisputed champion .
pakistani president pervez musharraf has blamed india for slow progress in bilateral peace moves and suggested demilitarisation of key areas in disputed kashmir to speed up the process , reports said sunday .
china 's third major toxic spill in as many months has threatened water supplies to millions of residents of two central cities , officials and state media said sunday .
argentina 's carlos baldomir seized the world boxing council welterweight title from zab judah on saturday with a ##-round unanimous decision that ended the american 's reign as undisputed champion .
indonesian doctors said sunday they were treating a ##-year-old woman believed to be suffering from bird flu , which has so far killed at least ## people across the country .
acting prime minister ehud olmert was to chair the first regular meeting of the israeli cabinet on sunday in the absence of the ailing ariel sharon .
indonesian police said sunday they had released one suspect detained over a new year 's eve bombing in restive central sulawesi province that killed seven people , but were still questioning a second man .
thirteen children died early sunday when a blaze swept through a home for mentally handicapped children in dushanbe , police said .
steve nash had ## points and ## assists saturday and the phoenix suns showed off their improved defense in snapping the san antonio spurs ' five-game national basketball <unk> winning streak .
police have started investigating alleged match-fixing by another three players of the vietnam national football squad at last month 's southeast asian games , state media said .
former all blacks great andrew mehrtens has applied for south african citizenship to help his new english club the harlequins bring in an extra overseas player , according to a report here sunday .
china last year punished #,### health workers for corrupt practices including taking commissions from drug companies to ply their drugs , and vowed to step up a crackdown this year , reports said sunday .
vietnam has not recorded any new bird flu outbreaks in the past three weeks but does not plan to declare the country <unk> in order to keep local health authorities on high alert , officials said sunday .
a french engineer kidnapped last month in baghdad was freed on saturday near baghdad , an iraqi security source said on sunday .
martina hingis conceded sunday that justine henin-hardenne may be stronger and faster than her but is not necessarily better , ahead of their blockbuster first-round match at the sydney international tournament .
kobe bryant recorded the seventh ##-point game of his career here on saturday , his tally including ## points in the second half of the lakers ' ###-### victory over los angeles rivals the clippers .
eighteen more bodies were unearthed sunday at the scene of a landslide which buried an indonesian village , bringing the known death toll to ## , police said .
prime minister ariel sharon is to undergo a new brain scan sunday before doctors make a decision on whether to wake him from an artificial coma , israeli media reported .
the united states and south korea on sunday withdrew their last personnel from the site of two <unk> north korean light-water reactors after a us-north korean nuclear deal was officially scrapped .
frenchman florent serra claimed his second atp tour title with a #-# , #-# victory over belgian xavier malisse in the australian hardcourt championship at memorial drive here sunday .
fernando gonzalez is aiming to become the first man in ## years to win back-to-back new zealand open titles as the championships get under way on monday .
demand for condoms in conservative muslim-majority indian kashmir has outstripped supply and the state authorities have asked for more , an official said sunday .
australian lleyton hewitt will open his sydney international tennis title defense against american qualifier vincent spadea here on monday .
prince william , second in line to the british throne , was sunday set to start at the country 's elite sandhurst military academy , after graduating from university last year .
malaysia 's hardline opposition islamic party has decided to lift a ##-year ban on the popular games of snooker and billiards in the northeastern state of kelantan , a top official said sunday .
turkish international forward halil altintop , the second top scorer in the bundesliga , said sunday that he will join schalke ## when his contract expires with league rivals kaiserslautern at the end of the season .
a boat carrying about ### would-be illegal immigrants was washed up sunday morning on a beach on the italian island of lampedusa , between sicily and north africa , local authorities said .
three convicted serial killers have been hanged in tehran 's evin prison , the khorasan newspaper reported sunday .
three-time olympic luge champion georg hackl has been officially selected by the german luge and bobsleigh federation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- to compete at the #### winter olympic games in turin next month .
pakistan and india are jointly seeking to raise more funds to aid the victims of last year 's massive earthquake by playing a twenty## cricket match , an official said sunday .
sweden 's henrik stenson crushed local star thongchai jaidee to clinch a narrow victory for europe over asia in the first royal trophy here on sunday .
pakistan and india are jointly seeking to raise more funds to aid the victims of last year 's massive earthquake by playing a twenty## cricket match , an official said sunday .
british prime minister tony blair on sunday brushed off the threat from the main opposition conservatives ' new leader david cameron , as parliament prepared to reconvene this week after the holiday break .
sweden 's lina andersson won the nordic skiing world cup sprint classic race here on sunday ahead of germany 's manuela henkel and ella <unk> of norway .
medical authorities in russia warned russian citizens on sunday against traveling to turkey and unveiled prevention measures after two children died and two others were diagnosed with the deadly bird flu virus in eastern turkey .
authorities have decided to distribute kerosene oil stoves among earthquake survivors in pakistan to save them from freezing temperatures despite fears of tent blazes that have claimed several lives , the united nations said sunday .
sweden 's bjorn lind won the seventh round of the nordic skiing world cup here on sunday taking the classic style sprint ahead of norway 's tor arne hetland and vassili rotchev of russia .
a leopard has killed a young shepherd in a remote village in the south of indian kashmir in the second such attack in the past fortnight , police said sunday .
west bromwich albion 's record signing robert earnshaw insisted sunday that he needed to leave the premiership strugglers for the sake of his welsh international career .
the indian capital sunday saw its first winter frost in ## years as a cold wave sweeping in from the frigid heights of the himalayas killed more people in northern india overnight , officials said .
norway 's halvard hanevold won the men 's world cup biathlon ##km start in line race here on sunday ahead of germany 's sven fischer and raphael poiree of france .
segolene royal , the ## year-old president of the <unk> regional council and partner of socialist leader francois hollande , is the clear front-runner to become the party 's candidate in next year 's french presidential election , according to two polls sunday .
a strong tremor was felt in the greek capital athens on sunday but there were no immediate reports of damage .
syrian president bashar al-assad denied allegations by his exiled former deputy that he threatened lebanese premier rafiq hariri just months before his assassination , in an interview published sunday .
the conclusion of a probe into iraq 's landmark election will be announced on monday , the electoral commission said sunday , in a sign that the final results of the contested poll could be out soon .
bolton chairman phil gartside on sunday warned premiership rivals newcastle off poaching wanderers boss sam allardyce .
three us marines were shot dead sunday in the restive western iraqi city of fallujah , the us military said .
doctors treating israeli prime minister ariel sharon will begin waking him from a medically induced coma from monday morning , a hospital spokesman said sunday , describing his condition as critical but stable .
austria 's marlies schild won the women 's world cup slalom event here on sunday ahead of croatia 's janica kostelic and therese borssen of sweden .
a strong earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale struck off greece on sunday between the islands of <unk> and crete , according to the athens observatory , but there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage .
<unk> pop star pink has tied the knot with her <unk> boyfriend carey hart , people magazine reported sunday .
austria 's marlies schild won the women 's world cup slalom event here on sunday ahead of croatia 's janica kostelic and therese borssen of sweden .
president thabo mbeki sunday launched the ruling party 's municipal election campaign , promising to stamp out corruption and spend billions of dollars to create jobs for south africa 's poor majority .
istanbul club besiktas have loaned guinean forward souleymane <unk> to french side metz for six months for ###,### euros with an option to buy , the anatolia news agency reported sunday .
a us military helicopter crashed in iraq on saturday night , killing all ## people on board , a us military spokesman said on sunday .
italy 's giorgio rocca won the men 's world cup slalom here on sunday ahead of american ted ligety and austria 's benjamin raich .
two more western embassies in jordan have closed for security reasons , a day after britain took a similar move , the missions announced sunday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's health emergency began on wednesday night , when he was rushed to hospital after suffering a major stroke that involved bleeding in the brain .
italy 's giorgio rocca won his fourth straight men 's world cup slalom here on sunday .
germany 's martina glagow won the women 's world cup biathlon ##.# km line start race here on sunday ahead of russia 's olga pyleva and katrin <unk> of germany .
nigeria 's multi-billion-dollar liquefied natural gas company nigeria nlng said sunday it had shipped the first cargo of gas from its fourth production plant to the united states .
some #,### people living a district of turin in northwest italy were forced to leave their homes sunday when workmen digging a tunnel unearthed a bomb from world war ii .
germany 's martina glagow won the women 's world cup biathlon ##.# km line start race here on sunday ahead of russia 's olga pyleva and katrin <unk> of germany .
a car ploughed into a group of ## cyclists in north wales on sunday , killing four and leaving four others seriously injured , police said .
daimlerchrysler 's global sales rose #.# percent to a record four million vehicles in #### , the automaker said sunday .
russia said sunday it had been asked by the world health organisation to send health experts to turkey where two children have died from the lethal strain of the h#n# bird flu virus .
iran has since last march banned poultry imports from turkey where at least two people have died of bird flu , an official said sunday , while iranians were urged to avoid travel to the neighbouring state .
the outbreak of bird flu in turkey does not mean that there is an increased risk for humans to contract the deadly virus , a world health organisation expert told german radio on sunday .
roy keane suffered a nightmare celtic debut as his new team were humiliated #-# by clyde in the scottish cup third round on sunday .
twelve people were killed and ## injured in a pileup on a highway in northwestern turkey , officials said .
the world 's largest gas company gazprom announced on sunday that it intended to increase the amount of gas it transports via belarus in partnership with its beltransgaz partner .
defending dakar rally motorcycle champion cyril despres , who has a dislocated left shoulder and tendinitis in his right wrist , will decide whether to continue the race on monday .
violent hooligans and fans who invade pitches at this summer 's world cup finals will face heavy fines as organisers attempt to ensure the june #-july # tournament passes off peacefully .
us automakers were dealt another bit of bad news sunday as the prestigious north american car of the year award was presented to the honda civic and its sibling truck of the year honors went to the honda ridgeline .
israeli statesman shimon peres said sunday acting prime minister ehud olmert will likely head the kadima party of ariel sharon in march elections .
israeli police on sunday detained four jewish far-right extremists in jerusalem on suspicion of links to an outlawed , racist group , police said .
the us congress will start confirmation hearings for president george w. bush 's supreme court nominee samuel alito monday , as the governing republican party reels from a series of political setbacks ahead of key #### elections .
irish prime minister bertie ahern on sunday urged protestant and catholic politicians to take risks in order to help revive power-sharing in northern ireland after an impasse lasting more than three years .
the former foreign minister of tunisia , habib <unk> , has been named the new secretary general of the five-nation arab maghreb union , officials announced sunday .
football legend alfredo di stefano 's condition is improving a fortnight after a quadruple heart bypass operation and may be able to leave hospital in the coming week , his former club real madrid revealed sunday after he received a visit from chairman florentino perez .
campaigning officially started on sunday for the portuguese presidential election on january ## , with polls giving former prime minister anibal cavaco silva a strong lead .
leeds secured an invaluable ##-## win over fellow strugglers bath on saturday as the leading four clubs all won their clashes to cement their position atop the english premiership .
a turkish court has approved the release next week of mehmet ali agca , the turk who attempted to kill the late pope john paul ii in #### , anatolia news agency reported sunday .
about ### <unk> were prevented from making the pilgrimage to mecca this year because of a #.# million dollar -lrb- #.## million euro -rrb- debt their government owes to a saudi company , an official said sunday .
a <unk> cargo ship with a crew of six sank in rough seas near the tunisian port of sfax on sunday , official news agency tap reported .
chile 's carlo de <unk> was sunday hit with a one-hour penalty for three recorded cases of excessive speeding during the #th stage of the dakar rally .
a us appeals court has reversed a prior ruling and <unk> two former salvadoran generals to pay ##.# million dollars in damages to three victims of torture from el salvador 's ####s civil war .
austrian chancellor wolfgang schuessel on sunday told german television he hoped to revive the european union constitution and to present a progress evaluation on the shelved treaty in june .
four paintings worth millions of euros -lrb- dollars -rrb- , including one by ##th-century dutch master rembrandt , were stolen sunday in the northern serbian town of novi sad , a museum spokesman said .
french finance minister thierry breton on sunday stood by his <unk> for economic growth this year at `` between #.# and #.# percent '' , while adding that france could do even better .
athens olympic cycling time-trial champion tyler hamilton , trying to clear his name after receiving a two-year blood doping ban , has a court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- hearing here tuesday .
the vatican said on sunday it accepted the decision by a turkish court to release mehmet ali agca , the turk who attempted to kill the late pope john paul ii in #### .
depleted french league leaders lyon kept on course for a french league and cup double with a #-# victory over grenoble to put them into the last ## of the french cup on sunday .
dallas mavericks guard marquis daniels will miss the next two weeks with a strained neck , the national basketball association team announced here sunday .
even with an emotional american football playoff victory , the washington redskins lost a wynn .
the first funerals were to be held sunday for ## miners who died after becoming trapped last week following an explosion in a west virginia mine , us media reported .
moroccan authorities said sunday ## would-be immigrants were arrested on the beach in the northern town of nador as they were getting ready to embark for spain .
the volkswagen group posted saw global sales rise #.# percent in #### to a record #.## million vehicles , the automaker said sunday .
steve smith scored two touchdowns and carolina 's defense blanked the new york giants , leading the panthers to a ##-# rout in a national football league first-round playoff game here sunday .
`` hostel '' , a gruesome film about three young backpackers traveling through europe who become the victims of an underground torture ring , has shot to the top of the north american box office , according to preliminary industry figures sunday .
a ##-year-old man was shot dead in the southern spanish city of seville on sunday after almost running over a girl as he motored through the city , police said .
honda motor company expects its sales in the us market to grow at a slightly slower pace in #### over last year , chairman takeo fukui said sunday at the detroit auto show .
mark de vries scored a last minute winner as leicester produced a stunning comeback to beat english premiership opponents tottenham #-# in the fa cup third round at the walkers <unk> on sunday .
one of the biggest shareholders in denmark 's leading telephone operator tdc decided late sunday to reject a takeover bid by <unk> nordic telephone company -lrb- ntc -rrb- , considering it `` not sufficiently attractive '' .
israeli police are to authorise palestinians to campaign under certain conditions in annexed east jerusalem for this month 's parliamentary elections , a police spokesman said sunday .
hundreds of autoworkers braved bitter winds sunday to remind the executives inside the detroit auto show that their restructuring plans have a human cost .
employees of the london underground railway began a new ##-hour strike late on sunday in a dispute over working hours .
vince young , whose skillful running and passing led the university of texas to its first us college championship since #### , declared himself eligible for the national football league draft here sunday .
the us military has dropped charges against an army officer implicated in the deaths of two detainees in afghanistan , saying there was not enough evidence to proceed with a court-martial .
the kansas city chiefs ' courtship of herman edwards has reportedly resulted in a four-year , ##-million-dollar deal with the erstwhile new york jets coach .
michelle kwan wo n't get a chance to book her olympic berth at the us figure skating championships here this week , but that does n't mean the elegant veteran wo n't be on the ice in turin next month .
boston scientific confirmed sunday as `` definitive '' its offer to take over medical device producer guidant valuing the company at ## billion dollars , or ## dollars a share .
china snooker sensation ding junhui , who claimed the uk championship title with a famous win over steve davis last month , got his world championship qualifying campaign off to a flying start on sunday .
hong kong gold prices opened sharply higher monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
israeli police on monday announced the arrest of a jewish settler in the west bank suspected of having destroyed olive groves on palestinian land .
a three-month-old iraqi girl suffering from a life-threatening deformity of her spine will undergo surgery in the southern us city of atlanta early monday , with her doctor expressing confidence in a successful outcome .
hong kong share prices opened #.# percent higher monday on a fresh inflow of funds amid bullish sentiment across the region , with wall street 's gains on friday supporting the upside , dealers said .
ewen mckenzie said monday he was withdrawing his candidacy for the wallaby head coaching position made vacant by last month 's sacking of eddie jones .
the new zealand rugby union monday rejected allegations it offered inducements to other rugby unions to help it win the hosting rights for the the #### rugby world cup .
the dollar fell against the yen in asian trading monday ahead of further us economic data to be released this week .
australian flag carrier qantas launched monday a new non-stop service between sydney and beijing .
oil prices were little changed in asian trade monday but the market remained volatile and subject to speculative pressures , dealers said .
work on a privately run train linking beijing 's airport and the city center will be begin this month and be ready in time for the #### olympics , state press reported monday .
the united states and south korea began talks here monday on washington 's demand for an end to seoul 's two-year ban on us beef imports , the agriculture ministry said .
alleged french serial killer michel fourniret , a ##-year-old carpenter , was to be extradited monday from belgium to france where he faces trial over the murders of seven young women .
volkswagen ag expects to report improved financial results for #### when full-year figures are announced in march , the automaker 's chairman said sunday .
the won was sharply higher against the dollar monday , hitting fresh eight-year highs despite government efforts to hold the line against an appreciating currency that could undercut south korea 's all important exports , dealers said .
the asian rugby football union -lrb- arfu -rrb- monday denied claims it had threatened legal action over the hosting rights to the #### world cup , calling the allegations outrageous .
struggling automaker ford motor company hopes to stabilize its us market share in #### before then moving on to regain the ground it has lost to asian competitors , chief executive officer bill ford said sunday .
hong kong share prices finished the morning session sharply higher monday on a fresh inflow of funds and gains across the region as further wall street gains adding to the momentum , dealers said .
doctors treating ariel sharon will meet on monday to decide if they can bring the israeli prime minister out of his coma in the coming hours , a hospital spokesman said .
taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co -lrb- tsmc -rrb- , the world 's largest contract microchip maker , said monday its sales in december fell #.# percent from november .
a six-nation asia-pacific initiative aimed at finding an alternative to the kyoto protocol on climate change will not produce a `` silver bullet '' solution to global warming , australia warned monday .
taiwan 's united microelectronics corp -lrb- umc -rrb- said monday its sales in december fell #.## percent from november to #.## billion taiwan dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- .
talks between russia and iran on a proposed compromise to end a stand-off with the west over tehran 's nuclear activities broke off without result sunday and are due to resume in a month .
australian shares closed up #.## percent at a fresh record high monday , buoyed by wall street 's gains and as rising oil , base metal and gold prices bolstered the resources sector , dealers said .
the vietnamese lawyer of gary glitter said monday he hopes the former british rock star will plead guilty to obscene acts with children if the case comes to court , in order to get a lenient sentence .
australian shares closed up #.## percent at a fresh record high monday , buoyed by wall street 's gains and as rising oil , base metal and gold prices bolstered the resources sector , dealers said .
outstanding young czech lucie safarova is in doubt for next week 's australian open after being forced out of the canberra international monday with a muscle injury .
china announced monday a further revision of economic data following a major upgrade last month , with the new figures showing the booming country grew even faster than first thought in #### and #### .
iran will resume nuclear fuel research on monday , a government spokesman said , despite western protests .
england rugby union coach andy robinson has been urged to recall world cup winning number eight lawrence dallaglio for this year 's six nations championship .
movie <unk> governor arnold schwarzenegger and his son , patrick , were lightly injured sunday in a motorcycle accident near their home , cnn television reported .
an iranian military plane crashed in the northwest of the country on monday , killing ## people including the head of the revolutionary guards ground forces , iranian news agencies reported .
newcastle rugby director rob andrew believes that only the return of fly-half jonny wilkinson from injury can provide the spark to lift his struggling team .
doctors have begun to awaken israeli prime minister ariel sharon from his medically induced coma , a spokeswoman for jerusalem 's hadassah hospital told reporters monday .
germany 's trade surplus expanded in november , as imports fell faster than exports , official data showed on monday .
four south korean fishermen sued north korea for million of dollars in damages on monday , saying they were kidnapped , tortured and used as forced labor for decades by the stalinist state .
an israeli minister confirmed monday that candidates running for election to the palestinian parliament would be allowed to campaign in east jerusalem , with the exception of the islamist group hamas .
morning rush-hour commuters found some of london 's biggest subway stations closed monday as a ##-hour strike by underground staff continued .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher monday on a fresh inflow of funds as confidence continued strong across the region and wall street 's gains on friday added to the momentum , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices closed sharply higher monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
unsettled striker christian vieri is expected to end his ac milan nightmare by signing for french first division side monaco .
a succession of second set errors saw eighth seed feliciano lopez fall in in the first round of the new zealand open tennis tournament here monday against hard working robin vik of the czech republic .
five more people have tested positive for bird flu in turkey , a health ministry official told the anatolia news agency monday , bringing to ## the number of people stricken with the disease , including two who have already died .
the results of a probe into allegations of fraud in last month 's iraqi election , due out on monday , has been postponed because work is still ongoing , officials said .
two irish oarsmen competing in an atlantic ocean rowing race have been rescued by a <unk> gas tanker from a <unk> in heavy seas and gale force winds , the us coast guard said on monday .
<unk> islamist firebrand cleric abu hamza al-masri was set to go on trial in london later monday on charges of soliciting the murder of non-muslims and other alleged crimes .
an ambulance helicopter crashed in northern romania on monday killing all four persons aboard , a spokeswoman for the <unk> emergency medical services said .
two suicide bombers blew themselves up monday outside iraq 's interior ministry , where a parade to celebrate police day was taking place , causing a number of casualties , a security official said .
deutsche bank , the biggest german bank , has suspended a london-based trader pending a disciplinary hearing this week after he allegedly inflated profits by at least ## million pounds -lrb- ## million euros , ## million dollars -rrb- , british newspapers reported on monday .
juventus striker adrian mutu , who has resurrected his career with the italian champions , wants young players to learn from the mistakes he has made .
hong kong share prices closed at near five-year highs monday on a fresh inflow of funds as confidence continued strong across the region and wall street 's gains on friday added to the momentum , dealers said .
malaysian foreign minister syed hamid albar said monday that he would insist on seeing detained democracy leader aung san suu kyi when he visits myanmar as a representative of asean .
an indonesian islamic militant went on trial monday on charges of smuggling firearms for terrorist operations , including some weapons which went to top terror suspect noordin mohammad top .
alleged french serial killer michel fourniret was taken from prison in brussels monday to be extradited to france , where he faces trial over the murders of seven young women , sources close to the case said .
a ugandan judge on monday convicted a former rwandan <unk> of murder in connection with the brutal killings of eight foreign tourists in uganda 's famed bwindi impenetrable forest seven years ago .
french striker david bellion has been loaned by premiership side west ham to french first division outfit nice until the end of the season with an option to buy .
the head of britain 's leading medical research organization called for vigilance monday as the nation kept a worried eye on the spread of bird flu in turkey .
british prime minister tony blair led tributes monday to his popular former sports minister tony banks , who died after suffering a massive stroke while on holiday in the united states .
four crew members of a <unk> cargo ship that sank near the tunisian port of sfax were rescued monday by a tunisian patrol boat , the tap news agency reported .
japanese police monday transferred a us sailor to prosecutors on suspicion of robbing and beating a woman to death near a us naval base in yokosuka at the mouth of tokyo bay .
the united states will search for the remains of americans still missing in laos from the vietnam war , the us embassy in hanoi said monday .
french retail giant carrefour sa , the world 's second-largest retailer , plans to open between ## and ## more stores in china this year , company officials said monday .
world oil prices rose slightly on monday , having surged by more than ## percent last week on supply concerns .
the <unk> temporary employment group adecco said monday it would acquire a ## percent stake in german rival dis for ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- and planned to launch a voluntary public tender offer for the remaining shares .
france captain fabien pelous admitted monday that he was relishing his return to competition in toulouse 's european cup tie against english side wasps next saturday after being banned for nine weeks .
european stock markets struck fresh #.#-year high points in early dealing on monday after wall street reached similar peaks before the weekend .
livorno captain cristiano lucarelli is hoping his eye for goal will earn him a place in <unk> world cup squad .
a french hostage who escaped at the weekend after five weeks of captivity in iraq is to return to france on monday evening , the french defense ministry said .
dutch police arrested monday ## environmentalists who were attempting to prevent the destruction of a <unk> -lrb- ##-acre -rrb- woods next to an airport used by nato forces , the anp news agency reported .
a ugandan court on monday acquitted two opposition lawmakers of a nearly four-year-old murder of a ruling party supporter amid claims the case was intended to <unk> political foes of president yoweri museveni ahead of elections next month .
latvia is to send soldiers to afghanistan this year to take part in a nato program to rebuild the war-battered country , the national armed forces said monday .
the agriculture ministry here is drafting legislation to ban outdoor poultry breeding , largely blamed for the spread of the deadly bird flu virus in turkey , officials told the anatolia news agency .
us vice president dick cheney was rushed to hospital early monday for shortness of breath and `` apparently retaining fluid , '' cnn television reported .
the dollar fell against the yen but rebounded against the euro after last week 's weaker-than-expected us jobs data , which increased expectations of an end to us rate hikes , dealers said .
<unk> <unk> , a candidate for the presidency of the kyrgyz national olympic committee -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , has been murdered , police spokeswoman aida <unk> told afp on monday .
china 's largest gas and oil producer cnooc said monday it had agreed to buy a ## percent stake in an oil block off the coast of nigeria for almost #.# billion dollars .
bolivia 's leftist president-elect evo morales said monday that china is an ideological ally of his country as he met president hu jintao during a global tour to shore up support before his inauguration .
at least three people were killed and ## seriously wounded when lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels stormed a crowded discotheque in northern uganda at the weekend and opened fire on dancers with automatic weapons , the army said on monday .
serbia and montenegro centre-back nemanja vidic is set to make his fa cup debut for manchester united against non-league burton albion on january ## .
roma striker shabani nonda will not take part in the african nations cup for the republic of congo after failing to recover fully from surgery on his right knee .
karstadtquelle , the german retail and distribution giant , said monday it was confident of attaining its target of full-year operating profit of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- after <unk> totaled ##.# billion euros in #### .
a contingent of ### mongolian peacekeepers started guarding the un-backed special war crimes court in sierra leone sunday , taking over from nigerian troops , the head of the force aid .
former prime minister anibal cavaco silva is favored to win ## percent of the votes in portugal 's january ## presidential elections , according to a poll published monday in the daily <unk> de noticias .
hamburg 's cameroon international defender <unk> atouba has opted out of competing in the african nations cup , according to newspaper reports here on monday .
audi , the top-of-the-range car maker belonging to european auto giant volkswagen , said monday that it achieved record worldwide sales in #### and hoped to improve its performance this year .
malaysia unveiled monday a series of measures to tackle the spread and effect of the deadly bird flu virus that has killed more than ## people in china and southeast asia since late #### .
pakistan has lodged a strong protest with the us-led military coalition in afghanistan after eight villagers were killed by cross-border gunfire , the foreign ministry said monday .
president jacques chirac said on monday that a murder blamed on french peacekeepers in ivory coast was an `` isolated act '' that would not tarnish the image of the country 's armed forces .
the newly appointed finance minister in poland 's minority conservative government said monday that strengthening budgetary discipline would be her top priority .
wales coach mike ruddock has been dealt another injury blow with the loss of prop chris horsman for this season 's six nations championship .
austrian chancellor wolfgang schuessel insisted monday that the european union 's constitution is not dead despite its rejection by french and dutch voters , as he launched vienna 's six-month eu presidency .
basf , the world 's biggest chemicals maker , said monday that its #.#-billion-dollar -lrb- four-billion-euro -rrb- cash offer for us firm engelhard would run until february # .
a ##-year-old former czech army doctor imprisoned for five years for killing the nigerian consul in prague in #### will not serve out the sentence because of his poor health , prague court officials decided monday .
the united states on monday welcomed last week 's agreement by bickering somali leaders to unify the lawless nation 's splintered transitional government but said all sides had to make good on their pledges if the country is to recover from ## years of anarchy .
gold prices hit ###.## dollars per ounce on monday , the highest level since january #### , owing to geopolitical tensions in the middle east and reports that china may increase its reserves of the metal .
the eu 's incoming austrian presidency voiced concern monday at events in iran , where the hardline regime was set to resume nuclear fuel research , warning that sanctions against tehran remain an option .
australian motorcyclist andy caldecott has been killed in a crash during the ninth stage of the dakar rally , organisers said on monday .
the palestinian authority has `` assurances '' from washington that east jerusalem residents will be able to vote in this month 's election but has yet to receive confirmation from israel , a senior official said monday .
twelve egyptian human rights organizations urged the united nations monday to set-up a fact-finding team to look into the killing by police of at least ## sudanese during a protest in cairo last month .
incoming eu leader and austrian chancellor wolfgang schuessel , known to be skeptical about turkey 's bid to join the bloc , said monday the door remains open to ankara but warned that talks will be tough .
former us president bill clinton on monday urged israelis to continue the work started by ariel sharon , saying the middle east peace process must keep moving forward despite the prime minister 's illness .
real madrid striker ronaldo will be out of action for three weeks after suffering a small calf tear during sunday 's goalless draw at high-riding villarreal , the club said monday after he underwent a scan .
pope benedict xvi lashed out against organized terrorism in a speech to vatican diplomats monday , deploring in particular terrorists who `` hide behind religion .
the leader of afghanistan 's ousted taliban regime has rejected president hamid karzai 's offer of talks and vowed to step up attacks , a self-styled spokesman for the militia said monday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's health emergency began on wednesday night , when he was rushed to hospital after suffering a major stroke that involved bleeding in the brain .
a malawian opposition lawmaker said monday he had written to parliament to withdraw a motion to impeach president bingu wa mutharika .
a consortium including the operator of vienna airport will be recommended by the slovak ministry of transport to buy ##.# percent of the country 's two main airports , transport minister pavol <unk> said on monday .
bulgaria and moldova moved monday to prevent the spread of bird flu on their soil , asking neighboring romania for help to test fowl and prevent the spread of a potentially lethal human version of the disease now present in nearby turkey .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer urged the netherlands monday to quickly reach a decision on whether it will take part in a major expansion into southern afghanistan .
the trial of disgraced coach thomas springstein , accused of giving performance-enhancing drugs to minors , began here on monday .
tourists from britain and ireland are flocking in ever greater numbers to the french riviera , helping make the region the second-most visited in france after paris , the area 's chamber of commerce said monday .
natural gas production by turkmenistan rose eight percent last year to ## billion cubic metres , officials said monday as the central asian state prepared to massively crank up output in response to increased demand from ukraine .
a swiss court on monday refused to hand over documents requested by russia regarding oil giant yukos , overturning a previous legal ruling .
steve staunton is poised to become the next republic of ireland manager following successful talks with fai officials over the weekend .
the co-chief executive of european aerospace and defense giant eads said monday the company would report sales of ##.# billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in #### and planned on increasing turnover by about ## percent in the medium term .
iran is awaiting a reply from the un agency cites which controls threatened species over its ban on caviar exports , islamic republic representative to the agency said monday .
iraqi oil minister ibrahim bahr al-ulum who last month said he was resigning his job has returned to his post , the government announced monday .
wigan full-back ryan taylor is set to miss the rest of the season after breaking a bone in a foot during the weekend 's #-# fa cup draw with leeds .
a paris court monday acquitted a french former diplomat of paedophilia charges stemming from his time as consul general in a mission in egypt in the ####s .
siena midfielder jonathan bachini has tested positive for cocaine for a second time , italian news agency ansa said monday .
the european commission said monday it saw no need for tougher regulation of credit rating agencies but warned that it had the industry `` on watch '' .
un nuclear watchdog chief mohamed el baradei said monday both he and the international community are `` losing patience '' with iran 's lack of transparency about its controversial nuclear program .
former norwegian prime minister kjell magne bondevik , a protestant pastor by training , will set up a peace center aimed among other things at promoting dialogue among the world 's religions , he said on monday .
fa cup holders arsenal must travel to bolton later this month for a fourth round fa cup fixture , it was revealed following monday 's draw .
the cyprus government said monday it was seeking cooperation with ankara and the breakaway north of the divided island to prevent a bird flu outbreak following the avian flu deaths in turkey .
siena midfielder jonathan bachini has tested positive for cocaine for a second time and risks a life-long ban from football , italian news agency ansa said monday .
one of seven candidates challenging belarus 's authoritarian president alexander lukashenko in march elections said monday that he would quit the race , fearing that the vote would be neither free for fair .
the death toll on czech roads in #### came to #,### , including ## children , the lowest number for ## years , the czech police presidium announced monday in a statement .
repairs to a railway line nearly destroyed in angola 's civil war will start at the end of january , reconnecting the east with the west in a ###-million-dollar -lrb- ###-million-euro -rrb- project funded by a chinese company , the transport ministry said monday .
bmw group 's global sales rose #.# percent in #### to a record #.## million vehicles , the german automaker said monday .
stocks opened mixed monday as investors consolidated after a spectacular opening week for #### and became more cautious in anticipation of the fourth-quarter earnings reports season .
a former defense minister who served as army chief of staff under one of nigeria 's previous military regimes owns the firm which on monday sold the rights to an offshore oil field to china 's cnooc for more than two billion dollars .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said monday that muslims do not need the west 's vision of human rights and democracy , which he said washington was exploiting to set up puppet regimes .
a deadly bird flu outbreak that has hit humans in turkey raised fears monday over the country 's flourishing tourism industry , a vital source of foreign revenue for the economy .
waking a patient from an induced coma is the first in a long process of assessing any brain damage incurred by a stroke , a french expert said on monday .
a group of ## dutch pension funds has filed a claim against anglo-dutch oil company royal dutch shell stemming from the miscalculation of reserves at the energy giant , lawyers for the funds said monday .
a british teenager was jailed for six months and banned from driving for three years monday after leading police on a drunken ## miles -lrb- ## kilometres -rrb- per hour chase in a tractor .
fulham manager chris coleman on monday told his players some may have ended their hopes of getting in the first team after losing at home to leyton orient in the fa cup .
british electrical goods retailer dsg international said monday it would buy finnish peer <unk> for ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in cash , making it the market leader in finland .
volkswagen needs to trim the cost of its operations in china if its going to take advantage of is foothold in the rapidly expanding chinese auto market , a top vw executive acknowledged .
the top french chef marc <unk> has seriously injured his leg and shoulder in a ski accident , he told afp on monday , adding that he hoped to be back on the <unk> within days .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan pleaded with citizens sunday to hand over sick birds to the authorities for slaughter amid reports that many poor people are hiding their poultry despite a worsening outbreak of deadly bird flu .
austrian airlines -lrb- aua -rrb- announced monday it would begin in march the first regular commercial flights <unk> europe and iraq .
china 's health ministry on monday announced that a six year old boy in the central province of hunan had become the country 's eighth human case of bird flu , state media said .
several dozen pilots from czech airlines protested at prague 's ruzyne airport monday against new security clearance certificates which , according to them , are stricter and more invasive of privacy than required by european union rules , czech news agency ctk reported .
texas instruments said monday it has agreed to sell its <unk> business to bain capital llc , a private buyout fund , for three billion dollars in cash .
brondby striker morten <unk> has signed with spanish la liga outfit real sociedad , the danish club said monday .
wales great jonathan davies claimed the ##-week suspension for grand slam star gavin henson after he elbowed an opponent was too severe .
haitian business leaders led a general strike backed by politicians monday to urge the un stabilization mission to restore security in the violence-wracked caribbean country .
facing international pressure to cut lengthy delays in court cases , poland on monday announced plans to judge and sentence hooligans and other offenders caught red-handed within ## hours .
teenage milton keynes dons goalkeeper david martin , the son of former west ham and england defender alvin martin , has landed a dream move to european champions liverpool after impressing coach rafa benitez .
ivory coast 's new forces rebel group denied accusations by a un-backed body and an international pressure group that it is involved in illicit diamond trading , in a newspaper interview published monday .
the white house on monday renewed its threat to refer iran to the un security council after the islamic republic announced it would resume controversial nuclear fuel research .
three dogs were slaughtered in southeastern romania after they were suspected of eating chickens contaminated with bird flu , local officials said monday .
bmw group pushed ahead of rival mercedes-benz after global sales rose #.# percent in #### to a record #.## million vehicles , the german automaker said monday .
turkey , hit by an outbreak of a deadly strain of bird flu , needs to make `` substantial efforts '' to bring its veterinary and food safety up to eu norms , according to a recent european commission report .
spaniard <unk> <unk> pujol has withdrawn from the dakar rally after falling twice during monday 's ninth stage , which was earlier marred by the death of fellow motorcyclist andy caldecott of australia .
us stocks traded in a narrow range early monday as investors assessed the spectacular opening week rally for #### and turned cautious in anticipation of the fourth-quarter earnings reports season .
a three-month-old iraqi girl suffering from a life-threatening deformity of her spine was undergoing complex surgery in the southern us city of atlanta monday .
french title holder cyril despres , riding a ktm , on monday broke through the pain barrier of a recently dislocated collarbone to win the ninth stage of the dakar rally , which was marred by the death of australian rival andy caldecott .
lithuanian lawmakers on monday approved amendments to the baltic state 's constitution , which are necessary before the euro can be introduced next year .
an israeli border policeman was indicted monday for the killing of a palestinian who was shot dead in a suburb of occupied east jerusalem , a police spokeswoman said .
lithuania wants to hold talks with the european union to delay the closure of the chernobyl-style ignalina nuclear power plant , economy minister <unk> <unk> said monday .
descendants of slaves from france 's caribbean islands are suing a leading french philosopher for making allegedly offensive remarks about the islands ' black populations , a lawyer said on monday .
colombian international footballer elson becerra , who played his club football for emirati outfit al-jazeera , has been shot dead while on holiday in cartagena , police here said monday .
struggling spanish first division club alaves on monday sacked coach <unk> gomez cos and replaced him with his assistant juan carlos oliva .
a soldier from the democratic republic of congo was summarily executed in a stadium monday before hundreds of people for murder on the orders of a senior officer , local authorities said .
the german government on monday issued a warning against importing poultry from turkey , saying it would take the `` strongest measures '' against anybody breaching a european union ban .
french foreign minister philippe douste-blazy on monday urged iran to reverse its decision to resume <unk> nuclear activities , saying that france was `` seriously concerned '' by the development .
chicago blackhawks center tuomo ruutu underwent surgery monday to repair a partially severed right ankle tendon and will be sidelined indefinitely , the national hockey league club announced monday .
australia has no plans to withdraw its troops from iraq quickly despite polls showing plummeting domestic support for its decision to go to war , foreign minister alexander downer said monday .
austrian foreign minister ursula plassnik is this week to visit france and the netherlands , whose voters last year refused to approve the proposed european union constitution , her ministry said monday .
the united states is sending a special envoy to the horn of africa to try to resolve a border demarcation dispute between eritrea and ethiopia , us ambassador to the un john bolton announced here monday .
germany 's anni friesinger , one of the favorites in the speed skating events in next month 's winter olympics , has been ruled out of the european and world championships with a leg injury .
shaquille o'neal says he is considering an offer to play in the #### olympics but san antonio 's tim duncan and minnesota 's kevin garnett will definitely not play for the united states at beijing .
the head of the swiss central bank , jean-pierre roth , has been appointed the new chief of the bank for international settlements , the bis said on monday .
vatican official alberto <unk> arrived in poland monday to prepare the visit of pope benedict xvi to the homeland of his predecessor , the late john paul ii .
honda pons will not take part in the #### motogp world championship after failing to find a sponsor to fill the boots of its departed main partner , camel .
an italian consumer group filed a complaint monday against the government for spending public money in order to free a group held hostage in yemen , saying the travellers should have followed advice to stay home .
five passengers on a spanish plane flying from the basque region to barcelona in the east were slightly hurt on monday in an emergency evacuation , the carrier , spanair , said .
five northern european countries monday established a blacklist of airlines they consider dangerous , while waiting for the european union to produce its own list , norway said monday .
prosecutors in a german court on monday demanded a seven year jail term for an alleged iraqi extremist accused of smuggling insurgency fighters into the strife-torn country .
the pentagon acknowledged monday that paul bremer , the former us occupation chief in iraq , warned in may #### that more us troops were needed to secure iraq , but it said the us military felt otherwise .
israel has agreed in principle to allow arab residents of east jerusalem to vote in this month 's palestinian parliamentary elections , defense minister shaul mofaz said monday .
the dollar recovered slightly against the euro and the yen on monday , regaining ground lost in the wake of friday 's weaker-than-expected us jobs data , which raised expectations of an end to us rate hikes .
the first arrest has taken place under spain 's new anti-smoking legislation , police saying monday they had arrested a ##-year-old man for lighting up in a non-smoking area of a cafe in the eastern city of valencia .
french-british high-speed train operator eurostar said on monday that it would launch a tourism campaign on the back of this year 's movie adaptation of the bestselling novel `` the da vinci code '' .
new york 's bellwether dow jones industrial average index topped the symbolic level of ##,### points monday for the first time since march #### .
the european union and china are set to resume talks tuesday on potential anti-dumping measures against chinese and <unk> footwear in what could spark a new trade conflict as well as internal eu divisions .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas said monday that he did not expect any radical shift in israeli policy in the peace process with the demise of prime minister ariel sharon .
the former police chief for the province surrounding the rwandan capital kigali went on trial for war crimes monday before the un international criminal tribunal for rwanda , the hirondelle news agency reported .
attention editors , technicians and staff : as of january ## , #### , afp will modify its use of story categories , the broadest way of organizing copy , and introduce a new list of attributes such as profile , <unk> or exclusive to help clients navigate the wire .
an earthquake hit southern quebec province monday morning , in eastern canada near the us border , causing no damage , according to the geological survey of canada .
us ski and snowboard association president bill <unk> called bode miller 's televised comments about skiing while drunk unacceptable , irresponsible and inappropriate here monday .
kenyan nobel laureate wangari maathai on monday blamed the drought threatening millions in kenya with famine on deforestation and urged immediate steps to replace lost trees .
cuba has received ## locomotives and ## buses from china as part of a government plan to improve the communist island 's transportation service , the official daily granma reported monday .
slovakian international thomas <unk> signed a two-and-a-half year contract with portuguese first division outfit boavista from greek side panionios on monday .
un chief kofi annan on monday voiced regret over the resignation of malaysia 's razali ismail as un special envoy for myanmar and lauded his bid to foster national reconciliation and democracy in the southeast asian country .
`` the right stuff '' filmmaker philip kaufman is to make a biopic about the life of one of hollywood 's legendary sons , `` rebel without a cause '' director nicholas ray , the entertainment press said monday .
wildlife authorities in kenya have shot dead a notorious elephant believed to have killed at least six people and terrorized villagers in the country 's central rift valley , officials said monday .
austria 's erste bank said on monday it planned to raise #.## billion euros via an issue of new shares to help finance its #.##-billion-euro acquisition of romania 's largest bank , banca <unk> romana .
another outbreak of bird flu has been discovered in the crimean peninsula in ukraine , a regional government minister said monday .
epidemiologists from european union member states are to meet this week in luxembourg to review the spread of bird flu , the european commission said monday .
united airlines ' parent ual corp said monday it secured three billion dollars in loans and credits as part of its plan to emerge from bankruptcy , which is scheduled for february # .
twelve people from istanbul suspected of having caught bird flu have tested negative for the deadly virus , the turkish health ministry announced on monday .
norwegian oil services company seadrill on monday made a new , improved takeover bid for rival smedvig that values the latter at ##.# billion norwegian kroner -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- .
conservative and social-democrat ministers in germany 's grand , left-right coalition , have agreed on a ## billion euro -lrb- ## billion dollar -rrb- investment program for #### according to government sources .
france 's twice-yearly retail sales , strictly regulated periods of price reductions that drive a buying frenzy among locals and tourists alike , may be extended in a bid to woo even more shoppers into stores and boost consumer spending .
greece welcomed monday the planned return of a fragment of the parthenon temple 's sculptures , about half of which were removed to britain two centuries ago , long prompting bitter greek complaints .
the white house denied the us government has been negotiating in iraq with `` terrorists '' and saddam hussein loyalists but acknowledged that it was `` reaching out '' to those rejecting the political process .
double oscar-winner hilary swank has separated from her husband of more than eight years , actor chad lowe , the actress 's publicist told afp on monday .
reinaldo merlo resigned as manager of argentinian giants river plate on monday becuase of differences with club captain marcelo gallardo and the rest of the team .
french president jacques chirac on monday again called on syria to `` cooperate without restrictions '' with the united nations investigation into the murder of lebanon 's former prime minister rafiq hariri .
new york 's bellwether dow jones industrial average index finished above ##,### monday for the first time in over #-#\/# years , rising #.## percent to a preliminary close at ##,###.## .
a french hostage who escaped at the weekend after five weeks of captivity in iraq arrived back in france on monday evening saying he was delighted to `` return to civilisation .
a mouse took fiery revenge on a man who threw it into a pile of burning leaves by burning his house down .
two senior us officials are traveling to the middle east for talks with israeli and palestinian officials ahead of crucial rounds of elections on both sides , the state department said monday .
the national football league fined washington redskins safety sean taylor ##,### dollars here monday for spitting in the face of tampa bay running back michael pittman during a playoff game saturday .
marcus vick , a troubled collegiate american football star banished from school , was released on <unk> bond monday after turning himself into police on three charges of brandishing a firearm .
national hockey league legend wayne gretzky was in mourning on monday following the death of his maternal grandmother less than three weeks after his mother died .
a three-month-old iraqi girl suffering from a life-threatening deformity of her spine was recovering after a successful three-hour operation in the southern us city of atlanta monday , doctors said .
us civil rights leader , politician , and clergyman jesse jackson will preside over the funeral of <unk> jazz and soul crooner lou rawls lat this week , the singer 's spokesman said monday .
the us military is force-feeding ## of ## `` war on terror '' detainees who are on a hunger strike at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , a spokesman said monday .
wall street 's dow jones industrial average index finished above ##,### monday for the first time in over #-#\/# years , extending the surprising market rally of early #### .
the gruesome horror flick `` hostel '' scared up the big bucks at the north american box office last weekend , ousting the lion of the `` the chronicles of narnia '' out of top spot , final figures showed monday .
the dollar traded mostly higher monday , recouping some of last week 's losses linked to expectations of an end to us interest rate hikes .
veteran striker mickael pagis signed for french giants marseille on monday from rivals strasbourg on a two year contract to bolster their forward line .
the pilot who blacked out at the wheel of a new york ferry before it crashed killing ## passengers in #### was sentenced monday to ## months in prison .
already missing chinese star yao ming following foot surgery , the houston rockets will now be without forward tracy mcgrady for at least two games with a back injury .
marcus vick , a troubled collegiate american football star banished from school , was released on <unk> bond monday after turning himself into police on three charges of brandishing a firearm .
south korean carmaker kia motor corp. said monday it expects to make a decision on a new us plant within the next few months .
the #### olympic #### metres silver medallist bernard lagat is looking forward to a mile run showdown with reigning olympic <unk> champion kenenisa bekele of ethiopia here next month at the ##th millrose games indoor track meet .
us authorities monday repatriated ## cubans after ruling that because they were picked up at a broken bridge they were not covered by legislation that guarantees residence to cubans who make it to land .
russian president vladimir putin is due in kazakhstan tuesday and wednesday for the inauguration of his counterpart nursultan nazarbayev and talks on regional security and energy , a kremlin source said .
the us army said monday it will begin proceedings to discharge reservists who have failed to report to duty after being mobilized for iraq and afghanistan .
french foreign minister philippe douste-blazy on monday met the main opposition runner in belarus 's march presidential election , saying paris backed efforts to bring democracy to the former soviet state .
dozens of street vendors who make a living from selling pirated films and music albums protested in the el salvador capital monday against government plans to seize their counterfeit goods .
a deadly bird flu outbreak that has hit humans in turkey raised fears over the country 's flourishing tourism industry , a vital source of foreign revenue for the economy .
a teenager from central asia was knifed to death in south-east moscow late monday , the city 's prosecutors said as quoted by the interfax news agency .
russian president vladimir putin is due in kazakhstan tuesday and wednesday for the inauguration of president nursultan nazarbayev and talks on regional security and energy , a kremlin source said tuesday .
armenia 's president robert kocharyan called late monday on his government to take every precaution to make sure the lethal bird flu strain does not cross armenia 's borders , the chief of armenia 's veterinary inspectorate said .
the dutch authorities have arrested three people suspected of involvement in a spectacular heist of some ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in diamonds and jewels from amsterdam 's schiphol airport last year , the anp news agency said monday .
malta on monday asked france to detain a maltese-flagged chemical carrier suspected by the french authorities of colliding with and sinking a french trawler in the english channel .
a decorated american vietnam war veteran was honored monday for helping to launch a project to remove landmines in the southeast asian nation .
eritrea stepped up bitter criticism of the united nations in its bitter border row with ethiopia late monday , even as the united states moved to ease soaring tensions between the arch-rival neighbors .
a rising star and a hero in the twilight of his career could hold the key to success as hosts egypt chase a record fifth african nations cup title .
only one of the ## contenders for the african nations cup title in egypt can boast an unbeaten record at the tournament .
morocco are not a country associated with scoring own goals ahead of an african nations cup .
new zealand captain tana umaga drew the curtain on a glittering international rugby career tuesday , announcing his retirement from playing for his country to spend more time with his family .
australia will deploy an extra ### troops to afghanistan as part of its commitment to fight `` terrorism '' , defense minister robert hill said tuesday .
nearly a quarter of a century after a crime which reverberated around the world , the man who tried to assassinate pope john paul ii will walk out of a turkish jail this week , free at last .
it was the early evening of may ## , #### and pope john paul ii was being driven across saint peter 's square at the vatican in his open white car , as he was every week for his general audience .
us jewish leaders are appealing to exiled iranian media groups to tell their countrymen in iran about the world war ii holocaust that iran 's president last month dismissed as a `` myth , '' officials said monday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
australia 's trade deficit ballooned to a higher than expected #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- in november , up by more than a billion dollars , official figures showed tuesday .
a panel of experts said tuesday that a dog which discredited south korean scientist hwang woo-suk claimed to have cloned last year was a genuine clone .
south korea 's <unk> cloning pioneer hwang woo-suk made no breakthrough in cloning technology , a panel of experts said tuesday , rejecting claims that hwang had revolutionized stem cell research .
canada 's prime minister paul martin faced his chief rival , conservative leader stephen harper , in a televised debate late monday , hoping to quell a recent surge in support for harper ahead of a january ## vote .
the dollar clawed back more lost ground in asian trade tuesday following last week 's tumble as the market continued to weigh prospects for a shift in us interest rate policy , dealers said .
oil prices fell further in asian trading tuesday after forecasts of milder temperatures in the united states , dealers said .
flawless roger federer laid down a quiet challenge to his tennis rivals tuesday , confirming that his form is starting to peak with less than a week to go before monday 's start of the australian open .
a panel of experts said tuesday that a cloned afghan hound unveiled last year by discredited south korean scientist hwang woo-suk was genuine .
american fred couples and argentina 's angel cabrera were tuesday confirmed as starters in next month 's johnnie walker classic at the vines resort here , organisers said .
passenger car sales in china grew by ##.# percent last year but automakers ' profits slumped by ## perent due to falling prices as competition intensified , state press reported tuesday .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra promised tuesday his government will listen to protesters against a free trade deal being discussed with the united states .
the iraq war will likely cost the united states anywhere between one and two trillion dollars , despite earlier assurances by the white house that these expenses would be manageable , according to a new study co-authored by a nobel prize winning economist .
china minsheng banking corp , the country 's first privately established lender , may list in hong kong as early as the second quarter of #### , state press reported tuesday .
hong kong 's troubled disneyland resort has shaken up its management team , replacing managing director don robinson less than four months after the park opened , a company statement said tuesday .
twelve workers have been confirmed dead after a coal mine explosion in china 's central anhui province , state press said tuesday , in the latest disaster to hit the nation 's notorious mining industry .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday on profit-taking after recent record highs and on concerns at an unexpected jump in the trade deficit for november , dealers said .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday , easing off five-year highs as many investors opted to lock in gains amid concern about the fast pace of the market 's advance , dealers said .
australia on tuesday rejected any military intervention in the escalating conflict between japanese whalers and anti-whaling activists in antarctic waters .
china warned tuesday against complacency in the fight against bird flu , after the world 's most populous nation announced its eighth human case of the virus .
militants fired rockets at a checkpost in pakistan 's troubled tribal zone bordering afghanistan early tuesday , killing seven paramilitary soldiers , officials said .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday on profit-taking after recent record highs and on concerns at an unexpected jump in the trade deficit for november , dealers said .
volkswagen ag will make a decision on whether to move ahead with plans for building a new large assembly plant in india within the next year , the german automaker 's top executive said .
iran is waiting for the cooperation of the un nuclear watchdog before it resumes sensitive nuclear research , a move that has triggered warnings from the international community , an official said tuesday .
spanish police early tuesday arrested at least ## people across the country suspected of recruiting radical islamist volunteers to fight in iraq , spanish national radio said .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday , easing off five-year highs as many investors opted to lock in gains amid concern about the fast pace of the market 's advance , dealers said .
kobe bryant continued his recent scoring binge by pouring in ## points to carry the los angeles lakers to their third straight win , a ##-## victory over the indiana pacers .
a ##-year-old briton was found dead early tuesday aboard his sailboat , which caught fire whilst moored at the northwestern greek island of corfu , the merchant marine ministry said .
a global media watchdog has condemned us software giant microsoft and chinese authorities for deleting the blog of a well-known social critic .
ashes discard damien martyn views his form in this month 's triangular one-day series as his chance to get back into the australian test team .
rapid fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are undesirable , japan 's economic and fiscal policy minister said tuesday after the yen rose to the highest levels against the dollar for ## weeks .
the wall street journal asia , the asian edition of the us-based business daily , has appointed a new managing director , promoting christine brendel from the far eastern economic review sister magazine , the company said tuesday .
iran said tuesday it has removed the seals at its nuclear research centres , paving the way for the resumption of sensitive work despite protests from the international community .
the death of australian motorcyclist andy caldecott in the dakar rally has sent shockwaves through the local community which helped fund his international career .
a us senator warned tuesday a bill that threatens to slap heavy tariffs on chinese imports would pass unless china quickly took further steps to tackle its trade imbalance with the united states .
hong kong gold prices closed higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
sales of new cars in poland fell ## percent last year compared with the previous year to hit a ##-year low , the specialist samar agency has said .
beiersdorf , the german cosmetics and consumer products group , said tuesday it booked bottom-line profit of `` more than ### million euros '' -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in #### , up from ### million euros in #### .
industrial production in france rose #.# percent in november from october , when output fell #.# percent from the previous month , the national statistics institute insee reported tuesday .
philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- said tuesday it will stop flying unprofitable routes such as riyadh and kuala lumpur but will revive services to india and increase them to the united states .
russia said tuesday its offer to enrich uranium jointly with iran at a site on russian territory remained valid , after tehran removed the seals at its own atomic research sites over international objections .
portuguese first-division side sporting lisbon have agreed a loan deal with cruzeiro for brazilian striker adriano vieira <unk> until the end of the season , sports daily o <unk> reported tuesday .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled southern portugal , including the capital lisbon , early tuesday just hours after a slightly stronger quake hit the area , authorities said .
a man in austria killed four of his daughters before taking his own life late monday night as police were attempting to arrest him , police said tuesday .
two ##-year-old thais have discovered that they were switched at birth in a hospital mix-up that sent them home with the wrong families as newborns , officials said tuesday .
hong kong share prices closed up #.## percent tuesday but were well off their highs as investors stepped up profit-taking in late trade after seeing heavy losses in tokyo , dealers said .
a coalition of hindu groups said tuesday it has petitioned malaysia 's king to protect the rights of minority religions after a man was buried as a muslim despite protests from his hindu wife .
six top women employees of dresdner kleinwort wasserstein , the investment banking arm of german insurance giant allianz , are suing the bank for more than one billion dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- in compensation for alleged sex discrimination , their lawyers said tuesday .
russian crude oil output rose #.# percent last year , with the production of #.## million barrels a day , or ###.# million tonnes in all , the energy <unk> said tuesday .
china 's foreign minister will upgrade economic and political ties with nigeria during his upcoming african visit , an official said tuesday , a day after the nations signed a #.#-billion-dollar oil deal .
a high-level us delegation will visit vietnam next week for critical talks on the communist nation 's accession to the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- , officials said tuesday .
finnish president tarja halonen may no longer be certain of winning a first-round victory in sunday 's presidential election and could need two rounds to win , an opinion poll suggested on tuesday .
american third seed robby ginepri paid for an erratic performance by being bundled out of the first round of the new zealand open by spaniard alberto martin tuesday .
fc porto defender carlos peixoto will be out for five months after tearing ligaments in his left knee during the club 's #-# home win over boavista on sunday .
european stock markets slipped in early trading on tuesday , hit by profit-taking after striking the highest points for four and a half years the day before , dealers said .
russian security forces have detained a turkish citizen suspected of participating in attacks in the war-torn province of chechnya between #### and #### , the official itar-tass news agency said tuesday , quoting security officials .
iran has shown `` disdain for international concern '' over its atomic program by removing seals at its natanz nuclear research plant , the us ambassador to the un nuclear watchdog said tuesday .
finnish goalkeeper antti niemi was poised on tuesday to leave southampton and rejoin the premiership with fulham , the player 's agent said .
winger park ji-sung is almost certain to miss manchester united 's league cup semi-final tie against blackburn because of a knee injury he sustained in sunday 's fa cup draw against burton .
iran and north korea would be making a serious error if they refused to engage with the west over their nuclear programs , french president jacques chirac warned on tuesday .
russian president vladimir putin has ordered the government to plan special public health measures to protect the country from the spread of bird flu , news agencies reported tuesday .
boston bruins center forward alexei zhamnov will miss the turin olympics after he suffered a shin fracture in the last week 's nhl match against the tampa bay lightning , local media reported tuesday .
britain warned tuesday that iran 's resumption of nuclear research would `` seriously jeopardise '' negotiations with the european union on its nuclear intentions .
the youthful new leader of britain 's main opposition conservatives embraced the world of <unk> on tuesday in his quest to become the next prime minister .
british airways on tuesday revealed plans to overhaul its subsidiary <unk> , which flies to destinations in britain and europe , to compete with no-frills rivals such as easyjet and ireland 's ryanair .
argentina 's #### world cup-winning skipper daniel passarella has rejoined his former club river plate as manager , the buenos aires side announced .
world no. # raphael nadal has withdrawn from the australian open because of a foot injury , the spaniard announced on his website on tuesday .
peru 's national election council formally announced on tuesday that it has officially banned former president alberto fujimori from taking part in the april # presidential election .
british prime minister tony blair renewed his campaign against anti-social behavior tuesday with a raft of measures to promote respect in british society -- a core theme of his third term in office .
shares in the swiss biotechnology and pharmaceuticals firm serono rose sharply tuesday , following reports that the company could be a takeover target for the pharmaceutical giant novartis .
one more person has tested positive for bird flu in turkey , the health ministry said tuesday , bringing to ## the number of people currently under treatment for the disease .
iran 's decision to resume nuclear research drew widespread condemnation and dismay tuesday , with the united states saying tehran showed `` disdain for international concern '' and russia promising to try to halt the process .
us soft drink giant pepsico said tuesday it plans to invest another ### million dollars in china over the next three years , with the focus on the under-developed western and central regions .
grass-roots village courts in rwanda convicted more than #,### people for their role in the country 's #### genocide in their first eight months of operation last year , officials said tuesday .
former french prime minister laurent fabius on tuesday declared himself a candidate for the socialist party -lrb- ps -rrb- nomination in next year 's presidential election .
china 's leading sportswear company li ning has signed a contract with cleveland cavalier guard damon jones , in the first sponsorship deal between a chinese company and a nba player , state press said tuesday .
with two years to go before the beijing #### olympic games , the city is again trying to eliminate the long-standing habit of spitting in public places , state media said tuesday .
with two years to go before the beijing #### olympic games , the city is again trying to eliminate the long-standing habit of spitting in public places , state media said tuesday .
a bank in the southern chinese territory of macau that has been fingered by the united states as a money-laundering front for north korea is being investigated by local authorities , china said tuesday .
kenya on tuesday lamented its absence from the list of the world 's poorest nations whose debts were canceled last year by the group of eight -lrb- g# -rrb- rich industrialised countries , saying it was being punished for good financial performance .
german airline lufthansa said tuesday that passenger numbers had reached record levels in #### owing to rising demand for flights to all regions .
germany has asked the un 's atomic energy watchdog to review iran 's nuclear activities and will assess along with eu partners britain and france whether talks with tehran still have a chance , foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier said tuesday .
the swedish central government budget was in the black last year for the first time since #### , showing a surplus of ##.# billion kronor -lrb- #.# billion dollars , #.# billion euros -rrb- , the swedish national debt office said on tuesday .
the european union 's highest court tuesday upheld rules on compensation for air passengers facing flight delays or cancellations in the eu , which airlines had contested in britain .
eight people died of exposure to cold in poland over the weekend , bringing to ### the number who have fallen victim to freezing weather this winter , police said tuesday .
britain 's anthony davidson will remain honda 's third driver for the #### formula # world championship season , the japanese team announced on tuesday .
ireland 's unemployment rate remained at #.# percent in december , official figures showed on tuesday .
a joint working group of fifa and the world association of newspapers has been set up in an attempt to work out the finer points of media coverage at the #### world cup finals , a joint statement said .
china tuesday recorded its ##rd outbreak of bird flu since early #### , with the latest epidemic hitting the southern province of guizhou , state media reported .
czech dusan <unk> has agreed to become the new coach of the malta national football team , he told the czech press on tuesday .
three men went on trial at a closed court session in moscow on tuesday charged with the murder of paul klebnikov , the editor of forbes magazine 's russian edition .
france 's highest court has ordered a frenchman to remove his dead parents from two deep-freeze caskets kept for years in the cellar of his chateau and either bury or cremate them .
the united states tuesday warned sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels that a return to war would cost them dearly .
south africa 's car industry has notched up record sales for #### , passing the half-a-million mark for the first time , the sector 's manufacturer association said tuesday .
germany 's star midfielder and captain michael ballack on tuesday denied reports he had agreed a deal with italian giants juventus .
swiss pharmaceutical giant novartis dropped its interest in <unk> biotech tuesday , leaving dutch biotechnology group crucell 's friendly bid for the vaccine maker in the clear before a meeting of <unk> shareholders .
a record #.# million foreign tourists are estimated to have visited the czech republic in #### , around six percent more than in #### , <unk> , the state tourism promotion agency , announced on tuesday .
scottish premier league side dundee united have sacked manager gordon chisholm only ## months after he took over at tannadice .
a group of around ## anti-globalisation campaigners demonstrated on tuesday in support of ## activists facing charges in hong kong over clashes during a world trade organisation conference there .
two supected `` terrorists '' have been killed and a polish soldier wounded during a raid carried out by iraqi , american and polish troops near the town of hamza , south of baghdad , poland 's pap news agency reported tuesday .
manchester city defender david sommeil was handed a three-match ban by the football association on tuesday .
the man who tried to kill pope john paul ii almost quarter of a century ago wants to meet his target 's successor , his brother was quoted tuesday as saying .
up to ## people were injured tuesday in an apparently accidental explosion at a shopping center in the dutch city of utrecht , police said .
pete doherty , the bad boy of british rock notorious for his on-off affair with supermodel kate moss , has been charged with possession of cocaine and heroin , it emerged tuesday .
the united states views with `` serious concern '' iran 's move to remove international seals from a nuclear facility as a prelude to resumed atomic research , a senior us official said tuesday .
kenyan sports authorities on tuesday reinstated six foreign agents , including dutchman jos <unk> and american tom ratcliffe , among a group of ## representatives banned last month for allegedly mistreating athletes and interfering with their training .
china is ready to expand its military relations with the united states , chinese defense minister cao gangchuan said here tuesday .
spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero on tuesday stepped into the row caused by a senior general 's warning that the army might step in if the catalonia region were to win too much autonomy , saying the comment was unrepresentative .
burglaries , car thefts and other crimes have more than halved since israelis began gluing themselves to television sets for news of their ailing prime minister ariel sharon , police said tuesday .
seven russian soldiers have been killed and seven injured in fighting during the past ## hours in the caucasus republic of chechnya , an official from the kremlin-backed chechen administration told afp on tuesday .
french divers are to descend to the wreck of a trawler lying on the bottom of the english channel this week to search for the bodies of five fishermen killed after a collision at sea , officials said tuesday .
the head of a european probe into the alleged abduction of terror suspects called tuesday on the swiss government to protest to the united states about covert us interrogation centres in europe .
syria 's exiled former vice-president on tuesday repeated his `` conviction '' that syrian president bashar al-assad had personally ordered the assassination of lebanon 's former prime minister rafiq hariri .
the world 's leading news agencies will later this month start testing a new standard for handling their text , photo , graphics and video production , the international press telecommunications council -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said tuesday .
german authorities said tuesday they had smashed a major international ring trading in child pornography in raids throughout the country following a year-long probe .
us aviation giant boeing co. said tuesday it delivered ### new commercial planes to customers in #### , up marginally from ### in #### .
the german government agreed on tuesday to invest ##.# billion euros -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- in transport and research over the next four years as a means of kick-starting growth in the eurozone 's biggest economy , even at the price of breaking european union budget rules for yet another year .
the body of brazilian general urano teixeira da matta bacellar , who led the un peacekeeping force in haiti until his apparent suicide last weekend , was repatriated to brasilia on tuesday , a brazilian air force spokesman said .
turkey 's agriculture ministry announced tuesday that ###,### winged animals had so far been culled in a bid to contain an outbreak of bird flu that has claimed at least two human victims .
the european union 's executive commission proposed tuesday to boost the rights of shareholders in europe by making it easier to get information from companies and cast votes across eu borders .
the white house said tuesday that iran was risking a `` serious escalation '' in the international dispute over its nuclear program by reopening an atomic research center .
iran has told the iaea it wants to enrich uranium on a `` small scale '' at its nuclear research plant in natanz , iaea director mohamed elbaradei said in a statement published tuesday in vienna .
polish prime minister kazimierz marcinkiewicz on tuesday announced measures to weaken the zloty , a move prompted by fears that strengthening the national currency against the euro and the dollar would harm exports .
a second candidate declared himself tuesday a challenger for the leadership of britain 's second opposition party following charles kennedy 's resignation because of a drink problem .
kenya 's president on tuesday flatly rejected demands from outraged environmentalists to reverse the downgrading of a famed national park in the shadow of mount kilimanjaro that is home to one of africa 's biggest elephant populations .
british foreign secretary jack straw ruled out imminent military action against iran , but left the door wide open tuesday to referring tehran to the united nations over its nuclear program .
the world health organisation said tuesday that it has no evidence so far that the potentially deadly h#n# bird flu virus in turkey is being passed from human to human .
the european commission proposed tuesday that north sea fishermen be forced to reduce catches of sole and <unk> , in a bid to save the species after years of overfishing .
a norwegian christian magazine on tuesday published a set of controversial caricatures of the prophet mohammed following months of uproar in the muslim world over a danish paper 's decision to print the same cartoons .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said tuesday that an outbreak of bird flu , which has claimed at least two lives so far , is now `` fully under control .
rock groups will play the music of <unk> legends ac\/dc for ## hours nonstop on a finnish stage for charity , organizers said on tuesday .
spain 's double world rally champion carlos sainz won the ##th stage of the dakar rally on tuesday for his fourth victory on his debut appearance in the famous race .
the island 's largest party , akel , said tuesday it wants to delay cyprus ' adoption of the euro by one year from the scheduled january #### date to ease the burden of transition on lower income earners .
the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- on tuesday upheld a two-year suspension on german rider danilo hondo of the gerolsteiner team for doping .
spain 's high court on tuesday said it was competent to rule in a lawsuit against former high-ranking chinese officials over alleged repression in tibet despite a judge having earlier opposed the move .
poland 's biggest oil group , pkn orlen , said on tuesday it was interested in acquiring refineries in southeastern and central europe but would begin #### by making an offer for a refinery in the baltic state of lithuania .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on tuesday urged pastoralists throughout his drought-stricken nation not to fight over scarce water as conditions continue to worsen around east africa amid dire international famine warnings .
french firm bouygues <unk> international , part of the bouygues construction group , was the only company to submit a tender for the construction of a sports and entertainment complex in lithuania 's second largest city kaunas , a local official said tuesday .
the leader of poland 's second political force on tuesday suggested his party could form a powerful coalition with prime minister kazimierz marcinkiewicz 's conservative minority government .
palermo clinched a place in the quarter-finals of the italian cup on tuesday after edging second division bari #-# .
the governments of croatia and hungary will hold a joint summit of ministers later this month to discuss ties on a series of bilateral issues including their joint bid to host the #### european football championships , croatia 's foreign minister said tuesday .
german media watchdog kek refused on tuesday to give the go-ahead to plans by newspaper publisher axel springer to take over commercial television group prosiebensat# , making a tie-up increasingly unlikely .
the european commission approved tuesday spanish telecoms giant telefonica 's planned takeover of british mobile phone company o# .
anderlecht 's international midfielder walter <unk> has been loaned to serie a tailenders treviso for six months , the belgian first division club said on tuesday .
two men appeared in a british court tuesday in connection with the alleged leak of a document in which us president george w. bush is said to have talked about bombing al-jazeera television .
iran will play a world cup warm-up match on march # against either spain , turkey , or ukraine , the president of the iranian football federation mohammad <unk> said on tuesday .
european stock exchanges ended the day lower on tuesday , with the london ftse ### index losing #.## percent to close under the #,###-point barrier at #,###.# points .
armenia and azerbaijan are to hold a summit over the disputed enclave of nagorny-karabakh next month , armenian foreign minister vardan oskanyan announced here tuesday .
us stocks swung lower tuesday as investors locked in gains from the sizzling rally which opened the year and lifted the main indexes to their highest levels since #### .
australian investment group macquarie bank on tuesday released full details of its #.#-billion-pound -lrb- #.#-billion-euro , #.#-billion-dollar -rrb- bid for the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- .
lawyers for two `` war on terror '' detainees held by us authorities have strongly condemned the military trials which are to start wednesday .
treasury secretary john snow said tuesday the us economy would weather any move by china to sell part of its massive dollar holdings .
a meeting of foreign ministers from britain , france and germany to discuss iran 's resumption of nuclear research `` should take place on thursday , '' british foreign secretary jack straw said tuesday .
mexico , colombia and central american countries are urging washington to reconsider building a wall on the us-mexico border as they have joined hands to forge common migration policies .
italian betting group lottomatica is to buy us company gtech , a provider of it services to the gaming industry , for four billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- including debt , the companies said on tuesday .
veteran defender noureddine <unk> earned a surprise recall to the moroccan squad for the african nations cup which gets under way in cairo on january ## .
the world health organisation said tuesday that it has no evidence so far that the potentially deadly h#n# bird flu virus in turkey is being passed from human to human .
three miners were killed and two others seriously injured in a <unk> in one of south africa 's deep underground gold mines , mining company anglogold ashanti said tuesday .
seven russian soldiers have been killed and seven others injured in the latest fighting in chechnya , an official from the war-torn province 's pro-moscow administration said tuesday .
us senator john kerry will travel next week to iraq and afghanistan as part of a ##-day trip to assess progress on the us war on terror , his office announced tuesday .
french prime minister dominique de villepin recorded his highest score yet in a poll of voter support published late tuesday .
hamburg 's cameroon international defender <unk> atouba changed his mind on tuesday and opted to go to the african nations cup finals which get under way in cairo on january ## .
general motors corp. has lowered its prices on a wide range of vehicles which account for ## percent of the company 's sales in the united states , the automaker said tuesday .
kenyan athletics officials said on tuesday that olympic ####m silver medallist bernard lagat may have to wait a little longer before he is eligible to compete for his adopted country of the united states .
the european union voiced serious concern tuesday over iran 's `` regrettable '' resumption of nuclear research , saying it raises doubts over tehran 's claim it has only peaceful nuclear ambitions .
former czechoslovakian international goalkeeper <unk> <unk> , renowned for his penalty taking as well as stopping , has died aged ## , it was announced on tuesday .
a money-laundering inquiry has been launched in switzerland concerning football transfers including claude makelele 's move from real madrid to chelsea in june #### , a swiss judge confirmed on tuesday .
boxing manager frank maloney is looking forward to the `` fight of #### '' despite initially trying to talk his charge , scotland 's scott harrison , out of taking the challenge .
west brom striker kanu is in danger of missing the start of nigeria 's african nations ' cup campaign .
the euro fell slightly against the <unk> on tuesday , unable to hold onto momentum gained when a positive business survey in germany showed recovery was gathering pace in the eurozone 's largest economy .
president george w. bush urged the international community tuesday to cancel iraq 's foreign debts and move `` as quickly as possible '' on promises to help rebuild the war-torn country .
real madrid have their eye on villarreal 's argentine playmaker juan roman riquelme as an eventual replacement for the ageing zinedine zidane , media reports said tuesday .
iran triggered a furious reaction from the west on tuesday by announcing it had resumed sensitive nuclear research work after a two-year suspension , heightening the risk of being hauled before the un security council for possible sanctions .
dundee united 's caretaker boss billy dodds has ruled himself out of the manager 's post in the long term after manager gordon chisholm was sacked on tuesday .
iran has secretly built thousands of centrifuge machines for its atomic plant at natanz , an exiled opposition figure alleged tuesday .
samuel alito , president george w. bush 's choice to fill a us supreme court vacancy , refused tuesday to commit to voting against the administration on the controversial issue of limiting presidential power .
the secretary general of the council of europe on tuesday demanded access to detention centres run by nato-led troops in kosovo -lrb- kfor -rrb- .
olympic downhill silver medallist isolde kostner of italy will miss next month 's winter games because she is pregnant , the italian ski federation announced tuesday .
an international search effort is underway for a french family who have been missing at sea for the past two months , police said on tuesday .
athens olympic marathon silver-medal winner meb keflezighi will run in the boston marathon for the first time in march , race sponsors announced here on tuesday .
get double glazing or the piano goes , was the stark choice a spanish couple faced tuesday after neighbors complained their grandson 's tickling of the <unk> was driving them to distraction .
former world champion michael schumacher outpaced current champ fernando alonso in out-of-season testing at the jerez circuit in southern spain on tuesday .
english premiership rugby union side gloucester have recruited former wigan and great britain rugby league star denis betts as full-time skills and development coach .
tampa bay left wing dave andreychuk , the national hockey league 's all-time leader in power play goals , was waived on tuesday , the ##-year-old standout a victim of new nhl rules stressing speed .
the bank of italy on tuesday rejected italian insurer unipol 's takeover bid for banca nazionale del lavoro .
bruce sutter , a master of the <unk> fastball , became the first pure relief pitcher elected into the us baseball hall of fame here on tuesday , making the honor by a narrow margin .
russian authorities have bolstered defences against the deadly bird flu virus to stop it spreading from turkey after president vladimir putin ordered stepped up measures , itar-tass news agency reported tuesday .
british prime minister tony blair , fresh from announcing initiatives tuesday to deal with problem parents and their unruly offspring , on tuesday admitted smacking his older children .
spanish energy giant repsol-ypf on tuesday said that it respects international law , in reaction to accusations that the company claimed to own part of bolivia 's gas reserves .
danish foreign minister per stig moeller on tuesday described iran 's decision to resume sensitive nuclear research as a `` serious mistake .
a dispute erupted on tuesday between denmark and the czech republic over danish labor market restrictions for new european union members , just two days ahead of czech prime minister jiri paroubek 's visit to copenhagen .
a tel aviv court jailed a palestinian for ## consecutive life terms plus ## years tuesday after convicting him of masterminding twin bombings that killed ## israelis , judicial sources said .
bruce sutter , a master of the <unk> fastball , became the first pure relief pitcher elected into the us baseball hall of fame here tuesday , making the honor by a narrow margin .
spanish public railway operator renfe said on tuesday it had ordered ## suburban trains from <unk> consortium <unk> and ## from alstom for a combined total of ###.# million euros .
greek police said tuesday that they had broken up an illegal asian immigration network with the arrest of its suspected leader , a bangladeshi people-smuggler .
venezuela 's national guard on tuesday announced that its agents had seized ### kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of cocaine packed in food cans from a <unk> sail boat and arrested its german captain .
british voters would be allowed to take their children with them to polling stations in a bid to boost voter participation under a proposed new law , the government announced on tuesday .
the united states and south korea will launch their first ministerial strategic dialogue next week on a wide range of issues , the state department said tuesday .
the new centrist party of israeli prime minister ariel sharon achieved its highest ratings yet in an opinion poll released tuesday , even with its leader incapacitated by a stroke .
us senator hillary rodham clinton on tuesday slammed what she called an `` unforgivable '' failure by the george w. bush administration to provide potentially lifesaving body armor to us troops serving in iraq .
romanian prime minister calin tariceanu on tuesday again rejected allegations the cia ran a secret prison at a black sea military base and denied the controversy would undermine his country 's push to join the european union .
french oil giant total said on tuesday its exploration subsidiary total e and p had acquired a ##-percent stake in a norwegian offshore oil field from us peer exxonmobil , bringing its share in the scheme to ## percent .
us research journal science said tuesday it was retracting a second article by disgraced south korean stem cell scientist hwang woo-suk , who could face criminal charges over fraudulent research .
england have been forced to switch the kick-off time of their final world cup warm-up match with jamaica to accommodate the blue riband of the flat racing classics , the epsom derby .
us stocks bounced back from early losses and ended nearly flat tuesday , with the dow jones industrial average holding above ##,### as upbeat news from apple computer offset weak earnings from alcoa .
a power failure in wigan has halted play in the league cup semi-final first leg tie between wigan and arsenal at the jjb stadium on tuesday .
world leaders strongly condemned iran tuesday after the islamic republic resumed disputed nuclear activities and warned tehran could face the un security council for possible sanctions .
israeli defense minister shaul mofaz has ordered a `` provisional '' barrier be built in three areas around east jerusalem where the high court had ordered construction suspended , state television reported tuesday .
several hundred kosovo roma living in makeshift camps near the waste dump of a lead mine on tuesday refused to move into un-proposed temporary housing in former military barracks .
the united states , north american qualifying champions for this year 's world cup in germany , will play guatemala on february ## at frisco , texas , in a tuneup match , us soccer announced tuesday .
us stocks clawed back from early losses and ended flat tuesday , with the dow blue-chip index holding above ##,### as upbeat news from apple computer offset a weak earnings report from alcoa .
three-month-old `` baby noor , '' who was flown from iraq on new year 's eve , was resting `` comfortably '' tuesday , one day after undergoing surgery in atlanta for a life-threatening deformity of her spine , doctors said .
the dollar held in a narrow range tuesday , stabilizing following sharp losses suffered last week , as the market awaited trade deficit figures later this week .
t. boone pickens , a ##-year-old billionaire oil tycoon , has donated a record ### million dollars to oklahoma state university 's athletic department , the school announced here tuesday .
the united states said on tuesday it was up to israeli and palestinian leaders to forge an agreement on whether east jerusalem residents would be allowed to vote in palestinian elections later this month .
djibouti has begun dispute proceedings against france in the international court of justice , claiming paris had failed to pass on details of its investigations into the alleged murder of a french judge in djibouti more than ## years ago , the court said tuesday .
favored united states will be one star pitcher short for the first world baseball classic , with atlanta ace john smoltz saying tuesday he will not play for the americans in the march showdown .
in a challenge to new york 's post-september ## , #### restrictions on filming in public places , an award-winning indian documentary maker sued the city tuesday after police stopped him videotaping on a manhattan sidewalk .
ten muslim men facing terrorism charges in australia have launched a hunger strike in prison to press for the right to pray together , their lawyer said wednesday .
mexico will again ask austria to return a traditional headdress worn by aztec emperor <unk> that is being kept by the ethnographic museum in vienna , a member of congress from the ruling party announced tuesday .
the us military exceeded key recruiting goals in december , appearing to overcome the difficulties it had last year in filling the ranks of its all-volunteer force , the pentagon said tuesday .
arsenal manager arsene wenger insisted he will not be panicked into fielding a full-strength team for the second leg of the league cup semi-final against wigan , despite his team 's #-# defeat in the first leg .
british rock legend david bowie , country crooner merle haggard and late comic richard pryor will be honored with lifetime achievement grammy awards next month , organisers said tuesday .
a fire in a retirement home in southern russia killed two people and injured one , emergency ministry officials said late tuesday .
angola have a dismal african nations cup record with two appearances failing to deliver even one victory .
no country will crave success in the #### african nations cup more than four-time champions cameroon .
each african nations cup produces a surprise package and it could be the democratic republic of congo in egypt this month .
togo go to the african nations cup in egypt confident they can end a run of five consecutive first-round exits .
hollywood 's self-appointed style guru mr blackwell on tuesday savaged pop princess britney spears in his annual list of worst-dressed celebrities , branding her a `` fashions flop '' .
hong kong gold prices opened lower wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
sir alex ferguson vowed to rest some of his big stars for the league cup semi-final first leg trip to blackburn on wednesday with the manchester derby on the horizon .
steve staunton will achieve his lifelong ambition if he is chosen to become the new manager of the republic of ireland .
rebels of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia -lrb- farc -rrb- blew up a bridge on colombia 's border with ecuador on tuesday , continuing a campaign that has recently targetted electricity towers .
hong kong share prices opened little changed wednesday as the market consolidated recent strong gains , with wall street 's lacklustre performance overnight keeping trade cautious , dealers said .
the united states pledged in #### to spend ### million dollars on helping iraq rebuild its neglected health infrastructure .
the dollar edged higher in narrow ranges against other major currencies in asian trade wednesday as the market turned its attention to us trade data due later this week , dealers said .
british finance minister gordon brown admitted wednesday that britain 's g# presidency had failed to meet its global poverty objectives , but vowed to keep up the battle .
costa rican president abel pacheco on tuesday criticized a proposal by us lawmakers to build a wall along the border with mexico designed to halt illegal immigration .
new zealand 's air force is monitoring clashes between japanese whalers and environmental activists in antarctic waters but the government on wednesday refused to send a warship to the area .
young , wealthy singletons are <unk> britain 's <unk> city centres before moving out to settle down , a study out wednesday revealed .
joe thornton 's national hockey league return to boston did not last nearly as long as he would have hoped .
china 's #### trade surplus more than tripled to a record ###.# billion dollars from ##.## billion dollars a year earlier , official figures showed wednesday .
donald trump will sponsor a one million-dollar golf showdown next may in the grenadines , a ###-player event open to both men and women who are not members of the most elite global golf tours .
tommy haas dealt roger federer 's australian open warm-up campaign a glancing blow wednesday , knocking the swiss world number one out of title contention at the kooyong classic here .
the united states said wednesday it had no objection to australia selling uranium to china , provided there were safeguards to prevent the material falling into the hands of extremists .
indian software giant infosys said wednesday its third quarter net profit rose #.# percent from a year earlier as it garnered more business from companies abroad .
thailand 's national carrier thai airways international said wednesday it has signed a code-sharing agreement with bahrain-based gulf air to meet rising demand for air travel .
south korea 's government on wednesday stripped discredited cloning pioneer hwang woo-suk of his status as the country 's pre-eminent scientist .
china , the world second biggest consumer of oil , imported a record ### million tonnes of crude in #### , up #.# percent from the previous year , official data showed wednesday .
australian shares prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday , chalking up another record finish as investors bought bank and insurance stocks , dealers said .
nursultan nazarbayev was sworn in as kazakhstan 's president early wednesday after a landslide win of the central asian country 's december # election .
the chief us delegate to six-party talks on north korea 's nuclear drive will arrive here later on wednesday amid renewed efforts to jump-start the stalled process , south korea 's foreign minister said .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday , coming off early losses and recouping much of tuesday 's sharp reverse as investors bought on the dips amid upbeat expectations for the world 's number two economy , dealers said .
china 's economy is forecast to slow slightly this year with growth of #.#-# .# percent as high levels of investment and robust exports decline , a key government body said in comments reported wednesday .
american zach lund , the men 's world cup skeleton leader and a torino olympic medal favorite , has been suspended after testing positive for a masking agent at a world cup event , the new york times reported .
two sudanese nationals were beaten up in russia 's southern city of voronezh , in the latest in a spate of attacks on foreigners there , police officials quoted by the itar-tass news agency said early wednesday .
a major two-day international environmental conference , which opened in sydney on wednesday , will attempt to bring government and business together to tackle climate change .
levels of a cancer-causing chemical found in a chinese river are still above safety standards after a spill last week , despite earlier official reassurances , state media reported wednesday .
record-breaking australian leg-spinner shane warne said on wednesday that he was considering coming out of retirement from international one-day cricket to play in next year 's world cup .
an out of form sri lanka will be jumping from the frying pan into the fire when they take on world champions australia in the opening match of the limited-overs tri-series cricket tournament on friday .
the worst fears of australian open organisers have been realized with the withdrawal of three of the top names in the game , once again raising questions about the timing of the tournament .
american tyler hamilton , the #### olympic cycling time-trial champion , argued to have a two-year blood doping suspension overturned in a court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- hearing here tuesday .
a moderate earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted northern pakistan wednesday but there were no reports of casualties or damage , meteorologists said .
carmelo anthony shrugged off a bloody nose to sink the winning basket with #.# seconds to play in the third overtime , giving denver a dramatic ###-### victory over phoenix in a tuesday thriller .
metro , germany 's leading retail and distribution group , said wednesday that sales rose by just over four percent last year , driven solely by favourable business outside germany .
australian shares prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday , chalking up another record finish as investors bought bank and insurance stocks , dealers said .
australia 's number two telco optus announced wednesday it had acquired full control of virgin mobile australia for ## million dollars -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- .
south korea 's largest carmaker hyundai motor proposed a wage freeze wednesday , saying <unk> union demands could see the company follow in the footsteps of crisis-hit us auto giant general motors .
indian premier manmohan singh will hold talks at the weekend with pro-independence kashmiri separatist <unk> lone on the future of the disputed region , media reports said wednesday .
crude steel output in germany fell by four percent to ##.## million tonnes in #### , as production slowed from the record highs recorded a year earlier , the federal statistics office destatis said on wednesday .
the coach of top vietnam football club song lam nghe an and a former player are being investigated by police over alleged match-fixing during the southeast asian games , state media said wednesday .
tanzania 's new president jakaya kikwete assured foreign donors of his commitment to political pluralism , dismissing concerns that the dominance of his ruling revolutionary party -lrb- ccm -rrb- has turned the nation into a `` de-facto one-party state .
tamil civilians backed by tiger rebels stepped up demands for the withdrawal of troops from sri lanka 's embattled regions , the guerrillas said wednesday , after the us warned them against returning to war .
the ukrainian parliament 's decision to sack the government was `` illegitimate '' and aimed at destabilising the country , ukrainian president viktor yushchenko said here wednesday .
japanese electronics giant sharp said wednesday it expects revenue to hit a record three trillion yen -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- in the next business year , helped by soaring sales of flat-panel televisions .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday on continued institutional investor support and on fresh hopes that china will allow the yuan to appreciate further this year , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices closed lower wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
switzerland 's second largest banking group credit suisse said wednesday it had taken a ## percent take in a newly established financial services company in china .
two more people have died from bird flu in china , the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- said wednesday , as an infected boy remained critically ill and authorities worked to contain another outbreak .
german newspaper publisher axel springer will look to expand outside germany if competition authorities block its plans to take over commercial television group prosiebensat# , chairman mathias <unk> was quoted as saying in a newspaper report on wednesday .
british oil giant bp on wednesday reported reduced production in the fourth quarter compared with the same period of #### after hurricanes katrina and rita shut down major energy facilities in the united states last year .
world number two kim clijsters ' australian open campaign was in doubt wednesday after she withdrew with injury just before her quarter-final match at the sydney international here .
close allies of ariel sharon said wednesday that the israeli prime minister could still lead his new kadima party into a march general election despite suffering a brain hemorrhage last week .
north korean leader kim jong-il was reportedly in shanghai wednesday observing china 's economic progress on the second day of a rare and secretive visit to his asian neighbor .
hong kong authorities dropped charges wednesday against ## of ## anti-globalisation protestors arrested during violent clashes at last month 's world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- summit here .
british luxury goods retailer burberry on wednesday posted a rise in sales for its third quarter , which included the crucial christmas trading period .
russia criticized the united states on wednesday for `` inappropriate '' and `` prejudiced '' comments on the gas price dispute between russia 's state-run gas giant gazprom and ukraine .
german auto component major bosch announced wednesday it would invest eight billion rupees -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in india over the next two years , a report said .
a searing drought that has put millions of people across east africa at risk of famine is threatening kenya 's famed wildlife herds as they stray from protected areas to forage for scarce food and water , officials said wednesday .
world oil prices stabilised on wednesday ahead of the latest weekly snapshot of energy stockpiles in the united states , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday on continued institutional investor support and on fresh hopes that china will allow the yuan to appreciate further this year , dealers said .
up-and-coming scottish teenager andy murray paid for his inexperience as croatia 's davis cup hero mario ancic beat him in straight sets wednesday to book a quarter-final spot in the new zealand open .
vietnam 's ruling communist party on wednesday began a meeting to prepare for a five-yearly congress later this year that is expected to appoint new national leaders .
us chemicals firm engelhard would be prepared to accept a takeover bid from german giant basf if the price were `` significantly higher '' than the current offer of ## dollars per share , a basf filing to the us securities and exchange commission revealed wednesday .
serbia is seeking the medical records of war crimes fugitive ratko mladic in order to see if he has been secretly treated since his indictment more than ## years ago , a minister said in a report wednesday .
fifa said wednesday that a disciplinary ruling on violent incidents at the <unk> world cup qualifier in istanbul has been re-scheduled for early february instead of this month .
the european commission called on britain wednesday to cut its public deficit to within eu limits by march #### , as it pushed ahead with a so-called excessive deficit procedure against london .
the foreign ministers of germany , france and britain will meet in berlin thursday to determine how to move forward in the escalating crisis over iran 's nuclear program , germany 's chief diplomat frank-walter steinmeier said .
a high-tech scanner that digitally `` strips '' travellers on their way to their plane or train will go on trial for four weeks from thursday at a major london rail station , officials said .
the foreign ministers of germany , france and britain will gather in berlin thursday to determine how to move forward in the escalating crisis over iran 's nuclear program , germany 's chief diplomat frank-walter steinmeier said .
england manager sven-goran eriksson has defended the packed premiership program over the festive period saying it would ensure his squad a vital extra week of preparation ahead of the summer 's world cup finals .
britain recorded its worst-ever monthly goods trade deficit during november as the oil account slipped into the red for the fifth month running , official figures showed wednesday .
the lethal h#n# strain of bird flu that killed two teenagers in turkey could become firmly entrenched in the country and pose a danger to countries nearby , united nations animal health experts said wednesday .
the organisers of the #### olympics in london moved into new premises in the capital on wednesday as they sought to consolidate their preparations .
russian president vladimir putin and his ukrainian counterpart viktor yushchenko hailed on wednesday the agreement between their countries to resolve a bitter natural gas price dispute as a fair deal .
former cia director george tenet helped to plan the military operation that ended the ####-#### serbo-croatian war along with croatian ex-general ante gotovina , who is on trial for war crimes , a report here said wednesday .
middlesbrough 's hopes of reviving their season in the premiership took a big blow on wednesday with the announcement that skipper gareth southgate will be out of action for three months with a suspected stress fracture of an ankle .
a spider that nested in the ear of a swedish woman was discovered and removed alive after ## days , swedish tabloid expressen reported on wednesday .
the euro steadied against the yen and the dollar wednesday on the eve of an interest rate decision from the european central bank , dealers said .
state-run air india signed a formal agreement wednesday to purchase ## boeing jets for around ## billion dollars as part of the biggest deal in indian aviation history , officials said .
israeli security forces made five arrests as they moved to dismantle a newly established settlement outpost near the west bank town of bethlehem on wednesday , a police spokesman said .
british prime minister tony blair said wednesday it `` seems likely '' that iran will be referred to the un security council for resuming its nuclear fuel <unk> program .
porsche , the german maker of luxury sports cars , said wednesday it was recalling ##,### carrera cars worldwide as a result of faulty exhaust pipes .
tension along the ethiopia-eritrea border has eased slightly with no large-scale troop movements on either side , the united nations said wednesday as us diplomats prepared to visit the arch-rival horn of africa neighbors in a bid to prevent a new war .
czech auto manufacturers produced a record ###,### cars in #### , passing the half million mark for the first time and far exceeding #### 's total of ###,### , the automobile industry association -lrb- sap -rrb- announced on wednesday .
british prime minister tony blair said wednesday it `` seems likely '' that iran will be referred to the un security council for resuming its nuclear fuel enrichment program .
islamic cleric abu hamza al-masri called for jews , `` infidels '' and lapsed muslims to be killed , a court in london heard wednesday as the <unk> and race-hate case against him opened .
voter participation in the finnish presidential election , which officially takes place on sunday , reached ##.# percent when advance voting closed this week , finland 's justice ministry announced on wednesday .
alessandro del piero was bursting with pride on wednesday after becoming juventus ' all-time top scorer .
scandinavian airlines system -lrb- sas -rrb- could face strike action after hiring ## chinese air hostesses at a labor cost vastly inferior to danish standards , a newspaper reported on wednesday .
yorkshire 's famous headingley ground in leeds is to get a new name and stadium upgrade in a deal that will ensure it hosts international cricket for the coming ## years .
the united nations should urgently send a brigade of peacekeepers to katanga , a southeastern province of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- , as violence brews there ahead of elections later this year , a non-governmental group said wednesday .
the public prosecutor in the case of a former argentine navy captain charged with human rights abuses during the ####-#### military dictatorship faces a sentence of up to ##,### years , judicial sources said wednesday .
the closed door trial of three men charged with the murder of paul klebnikov , the editor of forbes magazine 's russian edition , was adjourned wednesday after the court barred one of the defense lawyers .
the european union extended on wednesday its monitoring of wild birds and poultry until the end of #### and released additional funds to help combat bird flu in response to the latest scare in turkey .
iran must be referred to the un security council `` as soon as possible '' for enforcement action to stop it developing a nuclear capability , acting israeli prime minister ehud olmert said wednesday .
veteran french rocker johnny hallyday is bidding to become a belgian , following his `` heart '' in seeking to take the nationality of his father , officials said wednesday .
barcelona 's decision to release sharpshooter samuel eto'o for cameroon 's african nations cup campaign from next monday has angered other clubs , who have had to release their african stars earlier for the tournament starting on january ## , it emerged wednesday .
the greek public order minister on wednesday denied that his services illegally abducted and interrogated pakistani immigrants after last year 's london bombings , announcing instead that over #,### immigrants were monitored at the time in `` legal '' fashion .
wales coach mike ruddock has handed gavin henson a six nations lifeline after the star center had his ban for elbowing leicester 's italian prop alex moreno cut .
greece 's deputy public order minister resigned wednesday after making disparaging remarks about the country 's top prosecutor , who recently ordered two investigations focusing on greek police operations .
the european commission sent budapest 's program to cut hungary 's public deficit back to the drawing board on wednesday , giving it until september to come up with a clearer plans .
the european commission has ordered greece to lift a ban on seeds made from a type of genetically modified maize because athens has failed to prove they are dangerous , a spokesman said on wednesday .
authorities in europe were stepping up precautions on wednesday as bird flu was reaching their borders following an outbreak of the deadly virus in humans in turkey .
an italian mafia suspect accused of links to a vast sicilian drug trafficking network , has been arrested at his home on the french riviera , police said on wednesday .
the supreme court in the democratic republic of congo on wednesday rejected opposition complaints about last month 's referendum which overwhelmingly approved a new constitution .
the world bank said wednesday it had accorded a ###-million-dollar -lrb- ###-million-euro -rrb- three-year loan to albania , one of the poorest countries in europe .
a landmine explosion in mauritania killed one mauritanian man and slightly injured two qatari tourists , a member of the security forces said wednesday .
four-time world motorcycling champion max biaggi has quit motogp after failing to patch up his differences with honda , the ##-year-old italian has confirmed on his personal website .
passengers were evacuated from a british airways plane in scotland 's capital edinburgh on thursday after a member of the ground crew spotted a suspected fire , the airline said .
us stocks crept higher at wednesday 's opening after closing flat in the previous session , but profit concerns tempered sentiment after chemicals giant dupont revealed weakness in its earnings .
italian prosecutors took steps monday to indict agriculture minister gianni alemanno for illegally accepting money for his conservative political party from the scandal-ridden parmalat dairy group .
french automaker psa peugeot citroen said wednesday it had cut its full-year #### operating margin forecast to #.# percent from a previous estimate of four percent in response to slowing demand in europe .
oil production at the <unk> oilfield in the norwegian sea has been slashed in half since the beginning of the week due to heavy storms in the area , oilfield operator statoil said on wednesday .
a british plumber was sentenced to three months in prison wednesday for falsely claiming that his teenage daughter -- who did not even exist -- had died in the asian tsunami disaster .
pakistani forces shot dead ## suspected tribal militants in the country 's unstable southwest wednesday after a roadside bomb blast killed three soldiers , a government official said .
england captain michael vaughan is confident of being fit to tour india next month after undergoing knee surgery .
eleven haitians were feared thrown to their deaths from a truck carrying about ## illegal immigrants into the dominican republic , a relief agency said wednesday .
iraqi kurdish authorities have banned local trading in live chickens because of a lethal form of bird flu that has infected ## people across the border in turkey , a senior official said wednesday .
sweden 's legendary dramatic soprano birgit nilsson has died and was buried on wednesday in her home town of <unk> <unk> in southern sweden , swedish media reported .
castres ' kiwi prop and captain kees meeuws is out for four weeks with a leg injury , the french top ## club said on wednesday .
goldenberg , a well-known jewish restaurant in paris that was the scene of a grenade and shooting massacre in #### , is to declare bankruptcy in the next few days , its manager told afp wednesday .
former hungary coach lothar matthaus , west germany 's #### world cup winning captain , said wednesday he had signed a one-year contract with brazilian first division club atletico parana .
russia 's impoverished soldiers will receive pay increases of nearly ## percent over the next three years to match inflation , defense minister sergei ivanov said on wednesday .
saudi king abdullah has received radical iraqi shiite cleric moqtada sadr at his palace in mina near the muslim holy city of mecca , as the annual hajj pilgrimage winds down .
more than #,### russians died in fires during new year 's celebrations , an emergency ministry official said wednesday .
the latest political tension in ukraine centers ostensibly on a deal with russia on pricing for natural gas , a complex and opaque accord signed on january # that is fiercely contested by the nation 's opposition .
tajik authorities said wednesday they had seized #.# tonnes of illegal drugs last year , including #.# tonnes of heroin from neighbouring afghanistan .
estonia 's veterinary service has begun inspecting the baltic state 's poultry farms for bird flu amid warnings from global health authorities that a lethal form of the viral illness that has swept across turkey could threaten other countries .
georgia on wednesday condemned the visit earlier this month by a vatican envoy to abkhazia , where he met the leader of the separatist region that is unrecognised by tbilisi .
french international flanker serge betsen has been named in biarritz 's squad for their european cup match against ulster on friday , three months after breaking a cheekbone .
fiorentina were dealt a massive blow on wednesday when their first-choice goalkeeper sebastian frey was ruled out for the remainder of the season .
chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing arrived wednesday in cape verde on the first leg of a six-nation africa tour expected to focus on feeding the asian giant 's growing energy needs and balancing us influence .
the trial of an accused al-qaeda propaganda specialist resumed at the us guantanamo bay base on wednesday with the defendant refusing to be represented by an american lawyer .
sven-goran eriksson believes england are on a par with five-time champions brazil and can win the #### world cup as long as they stay clear of injuries , penalty shoot-outs , and get a little luck .
ugandan president yoweri museveni pledged wednesday to enact wide-ranging reforms if he is re-elected next month as kizza besigye , his chief rival in the polls , returned to court where he is being tried on a rape charge .
dockers at the dutch port of rotterdam , the world 's third biggest , and across europe took part in demonstrations on wednesday in protest at an eu proposal to liberalise port services .
britain on wednesday scrapped plans for a planned amnesty of fugitives wanted for acts of violence committed before the #### good friday agreement , just two months after it was first proposed .
the ####-#### financial year for air france promises to be the best on record , with the world 's biggest airline by revenue racking up operating profits much higher than for the previous period , chief executive jean-cyril spinetta said wednesday .
norway 's five-time olympic champion ole einar bjorndalen was ruled out of the fifth event of the men 's world cup biathlon here wednesday with flu .
argentina plans to transfer accused bosnian serb war criminal milan lukic to the un tribunal in the hague for prosecution , a judicial source told afp wednesday .
bilbao 's emblematic guggenheim museum has been a smash hit , particularly among foreigners , with #.# million people since opening in #### , while tourists have flocked in , comprising ## percent of those visitors , the museum said wednesday .
liverpool manager rafa benitez is poised to boost his defensive ranks once again with the capture of denmark international danny agger .
four-time tour of spain winner roberto heras will go before the spanish cycling federation on friday to protest his innocence over tests that showed he used the banned blood booster epo .
the us naval base at guantanamo bay is a disputed enclave of ### square kilometers -lrb- ## square miles -rrb- at the southeastern tip of cuba .
the european commission on wednesday hailed the fiscal discipline of the eu 's nordic members as a shining example to be followed by other countries struggling to meet the bloc 's budget rules .
the trial of neo-nazi historian ernst <unk> , one of the leading figures in the holocaust denial movement , will restart in mannheim in february , the court in the southwestern city said on wednesday .
bulgarian teenager sesil karatantcheva has been suspended for two years after testing positive during the french open for the banned steroid nandrolone , the international tennis federation said wednesday .
iran insisted wednesday it would press on with its atomic program despite provoking furious condemnation from world leaders for resuming nuclear fuel research and risking possible un sanctions .
european stock exchanges ended the day higher on wednesday , with the london ftse ### index closing up #.## percent at #,###.# points .
a young man wielding a knife entered a synagogue in central moscow on wednesday and attacked worshippers , leaving four people severely injured in hospital , russian news agencies reported as jewish leaders expressed fears of growing anti-semitism in the country .
zagreb will seek the extradition from australia of a former serb paramilitary chief suspected of committing atrocities during croatia 's ####-## war , a minister said wednesday .
an indian muslim alleged racial discrimination against london 's metropolitan police wednesday , accusing a number of training instructors of hampering his career with the service .
britain 's ibf and wba light world welterweight champion ricky hatton is ready to ditch his warm-up plans and jump straight into a career-defining fight against american superstar floyd mayweather .
norway 's government on wednesday officially presented former environment minister boerge <unk> as a candidate for the executive director post at the united nations environment programme -lrb- unep -rrb- .
president george w. bush on wednesday signed into law a free trade agreement with bahrain , making the small gulf nation one of the few in the middle east to have such a relationship with the united states .
<unk> low-cost airline wizz air said wednesday it would offer flights from lithuania 's second largest city kaunas to malmo in sweden and the danish capital copenhagen .
the trial of a former head of tajikistan 's presidential guard accused of plotting to overthrow president emomali rakhmonov began in a closed court on wednesday , a court official said .
the price of shares in the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- , the subject of a hostile takeover bid from australian bank macquarie , reached their highest ever level on wednesday , rising to ### pence .
estonian air will launch flights from tallinn to barcelona in the spring , the national carrier of estonia said wednesday .
real madrid coach juan ramon lopez caro on wednesday moved to squash speculation that danish international midfielder thomas gravesen may leave a year after arriving from everton .
french transport minister dominique perben said on wednesday that he wanted to introduce a guaranteed minimum service across the country to reduce disruption to the public during rail strikes .
british banking group hsbc said on wednesday that it was reviewing its ##.##-percent shareholding in cypriot peer laiki bank , which could lead to the partial sale or divestment of the stake .
french retail giant carrefour , the world 's second largest retailer , said on wednesday its turnover had risen #.# percent in #### to ##.## billion euros -lrb- ###.# billion dollars -rrb- .
belgian telecoms operator belgacom said wednesday its bid for services group telindus had closed successfully , with ##.## percent of shares tendered to the offer .
russia won the #x#km relay in the fourth leg of the world cup biathlon series here on wednesday .
the ##-member security council , which may be asked to tackle the escalating crisis over iran 's nuclear ambitions , is the most powerful organ of the united nations .
a georgian man accused of attempting to kill us president george w. bush in the georgia last may has been sentenced to life in prison , a judge ruled here wednesday .
the czech republic wants to increase its natural gas imports from norway in the future in order to buffer itself from a possible drop in russian supplies , czech prime minister jiri paroubek said on wednesday .
a union representing workers in italy 's clothing industry called on the government wednesday to ban a fashion label called `` <unk> '' , saying it insulted the memory of those who died fighting organised crime .
chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing arrived wednesday in cape verde on the first leg of a six-nation africa tour expected to focus on feeding the asian giant 's growing energy needs and balancing us influence .
greece favors a revival of the debate concerning the eu constitution , the country 's foreign ministry said on wednesday as it welcomed efforts by the austrian presidency towards reviving the document .
belgian prosecutor serge brammertz , ## , appointed wednesday to head the un probe into the slaying of lebanon 's ex-prime minister rafiq hariri , is the deputy prosecutor in charge of investigations at the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- in the hague .
armenia and azerbaijan have a unique opportunity to resolve their dispute over the nagorno-karabakh enclave , the new belgian presidency of europe 's osce security organization said on wednesday .
kosovo 's parliamentary speaker allayed fears about president ibrahim rugova 's health on wednesday ahead of direct talks with serbia on the future status of the province .
the european trade union confederation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- called on the austrian presidency of the european union wednesday to implement `` profound changes '' to the so-called bolkestein eu services directive .
lima and caracas engaged in a renewed war of words wednesday after peru 's president alejandro toledo accused his venezuelan counterpart hugo chavez of `` destabilizing latin america .
roma defeated napoli #-# on wednesday for a comfortable #-# aggregate win over the third division side in the last ## of the italian cup .
liverpool manager rafa benitez is poised to boost his defensive ranks once again with the capture of denmark international danny agger .
algerian veterans who fought alongside french troops in their country 's war of independence called on wednesday for france to amend a law that casts a positive light on france 's colonial past .
organisers of prague 's celebrations to mark the ###th anniversary of wolfgang amadeus mozart 's birth are attempting to hit a sweet note -- by asking chefs to come up with a recipe for a `` mozart dessert .
the dutch government is to ask the united states for an explanation of the circumstances surrounding the arrest of a <unk> following an alleged operation by a us agency in the netherlands .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on wednesday threatened to refer syria to the un security council again over the murder of former lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri .
norway is to build a `` doomsday vault '' in a mountain close to the north pole that will house a vast seed bank to ensure food supplies in the event of catastrophic climate change , nuclear war or rising sea levels , new scientist says .
the head of the roman catholic church in kosovo , bishop mark <unk> , died of a heart attack on wednesday , a church official said .
referral to the un security council , which western powers have threatened to use to thwart iran 's nuclear ambitions , is a procedure available to any country , but approval by the ##-member body is not automatic .
credit risk appraiser moody 's wednesday cut its rating on struggling ford motor company deeper into junk status , a week after rival ratings agency standard and poor 's did the same .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on wednesday called on candidates to this month 's palestinian elections to renounce violence and recognize israel 's right to exist .
jailed intifada leader marwan <unk> has called on palestinian militants to halt their violence in the run-up to january ## elections amid growing lawlessness by fighters loyal to his fatah faction .
the swiss government wednesday condemned the leaking of an intelligence services document about secret us government prisons in europe as a blow to the country 's reputation and a crime .
a chilean court on wednesday stripped ex-dictator augusto pinochet of legal immunity , clearing the way for his trial in a human rights case , but ruled he could be freed on bail from house arrest .
cincinnati bengals quarterback carson palmer underwent surgery on tuesday to repair torn knee ligaments , the team announced on wednesday .
french operator france telecom said on wednesday the tough market conditions seen since the third quarter of last year were expected to continue into the first half of #### , and warned that new efforts to improve sales would cut its profitability next year .
england cricket captain michael vaughan is confident that australian plans to limit the number of away fans at the next ashes series in australia will prove futile .
charges against two serb associates of former yugoslav president slobodan milosevic have been amended by the prosecutor of the un warcrimes court to include their alleged direct involvement in massacres , the court said wednesday .
a rebel group in eastern sudan accused the army of launching an attack wednesday on its camps in the <unk> <unk> region , sparking clashes that left casualties .
german newspaper publisher axel springer said on wednesday it was prepared to sell the <unk> television station in order to obtain approval from the german competition authorities for its plan to take over the parent company , commercial television group prosiebensat# .
the final installment of george lucas ' `` star wars '' movies series has struck back after being snubbed by hollywood juries by winning top honors at the #### people 's choice awards .
the chief italian opposition party wednesday launched a poster campaign accusing prime minister silvio berlusconi of using laws passed by his <unk> to escape from his tax problems .
former united states olympian eric namesnik , who won two silver medals at the #### and #### summer games , died wednesday from injuries resulting from an auto accident .
british prime minister tony blair and german chancellor angela merkel discussed iran 's nuclear activities on the phone wednesday , a downing street spokesman said .
four english premiership clubs are chasing the signature of former blackburn forward matt jansen after he was released by the north east club .
the us supreme court on wednesday for the first time heard an appeal by a death row inmate using new dna evidence to proclaim his innocence .
argentine football maestro diego maradona , who has increasingly rubbed elbows with prominent latin american leaders , has been invited to attend the upcoming inauguration of honduran president-elect manuel zelaya , officials said wednesday .
us stocks powered to four-year highs wednesday as investors , encouraged by strength in the technology sector , shrugged off a profit warning from chemicals giant dupont .
arsenal target georgios samaras will be staying at heerenveen until the end of the season , the dutch club 's manager said wednesday .
a manuscript written by mozart is to go on show at the british library , its two halves reunited after a ###-year separation , the museum said wednesday .
romanian economy minister <unk> seres wednesday asked the public prosecutor to look into the legal status of bucharest 's contracts to import russian natural gas , in the wake of moscow 's controversial new deal with ukraine .
a un official in charge of leading the battle against the avian flu outbreak on wednesday called on donors to contribute around #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion euros -rrb- at a pledging conference in beijing next week .
un secretary general kofi annan on wednesday expressed concern about iran 's decision to resume sensitive nuclear activities but said it was up to the un nuclear watchdog agency to deal with the issue .
the four remaining cabinet ministers from israel 's right-wing likud are to resign thursday , its central office said , as a truce observed out of respect for stricken prime minister ariel sharon came under growing pressure .
the british army on wednesday defused a car bomb left in front of a hotel in armagh , northern ireland , police said .
canada renewed demands that the united states eliminate duties on softwood lumber imports wednesday while asking for a north american free trade panel review of the current rates , according to officials .
ac milan comfortably sealed a place in the quarter-finals of the italian cup after edging a seven goal thriller away to second division brescia on wednesday .
the united states may have interfered in a brazilian company 's sale of military airplanes to venezuela , brazil 's foreign minister said wednesday .
the us pga tour on wednesday announced a new television package that includes two us networks and exclusive cable coverage on the golf channel from #### .
pentagon officials on wednesday rejected criticism that the defense department has failed to provide us forces in iraq and afghanistan with potentially life-saving body armor , saying us troops currently have the best equipment available .
boxer joe calzaghe has vowed to muscle in on some of ricky hatton 's attention by making #### a year to remember for himself and british boxing .
british police said wednesday they were looking into comments by the leader of britain 's main muslim umbrella group , after he slammed new gay civil partnership laws as `` harmful '' .
former french film star and outspoken environmental activist brigitte bardot opened fire wednesday on the governor of the us state of alaska for refusing to ban the aerial hunting of wolves .
defensive great reggie white and former cowboys quarterback troy aikman are among four newly eligible players headlining the list of finalists for the pro football hall of fame 's #### class .
in the latest scandal to sting the us congress , a former political operative on monday pleaded guilty to helping a member of the house of representatives solicit bribes .
the dollar fell on currency markets wednesday as investors bet on the prospect of another hefty us trade deficit and higher interest rates in europe .
britain 's education secretary ruth kelly was under pressure on wednesday after she admitted that several known sex offenders were being allowed to work in schools .
president george w. bush on wednesday insisted he had the legal right to authorize a domestic eavesdropping program that has sparked outrage among civil liberty groups .
detroit pistons guard carlos arroyo was suspended one game by the national basketball association on wednesday for bumping a league official .
us officials on wednesday urged all sides to respect the law in ukraine after the former soviet republic 's parliament sacked the government .
three australians have been stranded on the ice in antarctica for a week after their aircraft was damaged , an official said thursday .
russia 's finance minister alexei kudrin and his german counterpart peer steinbrueck discussed holding a summit of the group of eight 's finance ministers in moscow next month , the ria-novosti news agency reported late wednesday .
guinea have barely registered a blip on the african nations cup radar screen since coming agonisingly close to lifting the trophy ## years ago .
a respected south african football writer surveyed the wreckage of the national squad and suggested a fresh team be built around hans vonk , aaron mokoena and nasief morris .
defending champions tunisia hope to join an exclusive club after the #### african nations cup in egypt .
zambia coach kalusha bwalya goes to the #### african nations cup with mixed memories of egypt .
australia 's jobless rate remained steady at #.# percent in december , official data released thursday showed .
police in the us city of san francisco have arrested a man in connection with a homemade bomb left in the toilet of a starbucks coffee shop , officers announced wednesday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
american zach lund , the men 's world cup skeleton leader and a turin olympics medal favorite who has reportedly tested positive for a banned masking agent , wednesday denied wrongdoing .
south korea 's disgraced cloning pioneer hwang woo-suk apologized thursday and admitted faking research on stem cells .
brazilian midfielder gilberto silva has warned wigan to expect an arsenal backlash when the two sides meet again in two weeks time for the second leg of their league cup semi-final .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent higher thursday on continued institutional interest in blue chips and h-shares amid expectations that the market was set for a strong rally ahead of the chinese new year , dealers said .
us medical giant johnson and johnson will acquire medical device maker guidant for ##.# billion dollars , the two companies announced late wednesday .
us paratroopers battled with a group of insurgents in iraq on wednesday , killing six and wounding a seventh who was later detained , the military said .
max mirnyi of belarus was called in thursday to replace virus-stricken david nalbandian of argentina at the kooyong classic here .
the dollar was mixed against other major currencies in asian trade thursday as the mood turned cautious ahead of us trade data and a european central bank meeting , dealers said .
australian prime minister john howard said it was unrealistic thursday to expect nations to sacrifice economic growth in order to halt global climate change .
the chief us negotiator to the six-party north korean nuclear talks , christopher hill , was due to arrive here on thursday for talks with his chinese counterpart , the us embassy said .
a ##-year-old indonesian woman has died of bird flu , health official said thursday , citing results from tests carried out by the country 's health ministry .
six nations including china and the united states on thursday agreed to a new pact to combat climate change while insisting that their economies would remain based on the use of fossil fuels .
voters in the democratic republic of congo gave the go-ahead to adoption of a new constitution by a landslide ##.## percent in a referendum prior to elections expected by june , the electoral commission announced wednesday .
oil prices continued higher in asian trade thursday as iran 's defiant stand over its nuclear program sparked unease , dealers said .
a gang of drunken doctors and nurses are in hot water after summoning an ambulance to take them home from a boozy birthday party , british newspapers reported thursday .
hong kong share prices finished the thursday morning session #.## percent higher on continued buying of blue chips and h-shares by institutional investors , dealers said .
a frenchman who underwent surgery in india to increase his height will be able to return to his country walking taller , the doctor who operated on him said thursday .
benjamin netanyahu , leader of israel 's right-wing likud party , ordered its four remaining cabinet ministers to resign from the government thursday , its central office said , as an uneasy truce observed out of respect for stricken prime minister ariel sharon came to an abrupt end .
philadelphia 's allen iverson poured in ## points , but he could n't prevent the red-hot utah jazz from posting a ###-### national basketball association over the ##ers here wednesday .
top us and south korean nuclear negotiators met here thursday for talks on how to push forward stalled six-way talks on north korea 's nuclear weapons program , officials said .
shanghai , china 's commercial capital , has surpassed singapore as the world 's top cargo port in terms of throughput , a result of the country 's fast-expanding trade in goods , according to official figures thursday .
japanese share prices rose #.## percent thursday to their highest closing level for more than five years , riding the coat-tails of wall street where stocks extended gains overnight , dealers said .
australian share prices closed little changed thursday , with some investors taking profits on select stocks rather than push the market ahead before upcoming us economic data , dealers said .
katie <unk> and garrett <unk> launched their defense of the pairs title at the us figure skating championships here wedesday , seizing the lead after the short program .
india 's petroleum minister began meetings with chinese officials here thursday with negotiations focused on potential joint strategies to secure global energy assets .
baseball star danny graves will head a us delegation to vietnam next week to introduce the sport in the communist nation along with an american veterans ' organization involved in demining .
the portland trail blazers overcame ## points from <unk> kobe bryant to hand the los angeles lakers a ###-### national basketball association defeat here wednesday .
seattle supersonics leading scorer ray allen 's shoving match with orlando 's <unk> dooling saw both players ejected wednesday in seattle 's ###-### national basketball association victory .
tourist arrivals in cambodia jumped ## percent in #### , a senior official said thursday as the country seeks to nearly triple the number of foreign visitors in the next five years .
indonesia 's vice president said thursday he would visit finland next week and meet exiled leaders of the now-disbanded separatist movement in aceh province to discuss the future of an august peace pact .
the green bay packers are poised to hire mike mccarthy as coach , replacing the sacked mike sherman , espn.com reported on wednesday .
australian share prices closed little changed thursday , with some investors taking profits on select stocks rather than push the market ahead before upcoming us economic data , dealers said .
world number two kim clijsters received encouraging news thursday on a hip injury which forced her withdrawal from the sydney international and put her in doubt for next week 's australian open .
incheon united , one of south korea 's top football clubs , is considering signing a north korean international currently playing in japan .
mehmet ali agca , the turk who attempted to kill pope john paul ii in #### , was released from jail here thursday , an afp correspondent reported .
second-division outfit chengdu five bulls were keenly anticipating a boost in their fortunes on thursday after becoming the first chinese football team to be bought by a foreign club .
a takeover bid for denmark 's leading telephone operator , tdc , by a group of investment funds is being extended beyond thursday 's deadline after it failed to meet the projected ## percent acceptance rate , bidders nordic telephone company -lrb- ntc -rrb- said .
dongfeng peugeot citroen automobile , a joint venture between france 's psa peugeot-citroen and china 's dongfeng motor corp , saw #### sales jump ## percent to ###,#### vehicles .
sven-goran eriksson insists that he is looking forward to reaping the rewards of england 's transformation since he took over from kevin keegan as manager five years ago on thursday .
japanese share prices thursday reversed a recent bout of weakness to hit highs last seen in september #### , riding the coat-tails of wall street with technology stocks leading the way , dealers said .
posco , south korea 's largest steelmaker , posted a record profit last year but lowered its sales target for #### , citing lower prices and the appreciation of the won .
china expressed concern thursday at iran 's controversial resumption of its nuclear program and urged it to return to negotiations with the europen union .
a leader of iraq 's shiite majority said he opposes any significant amendment to the federal character of the country 's constitution , in comments that will likely unnerve sunni arabs .
the german economy , the biggest in the ##-country eurozone , chalked up a public deficit equivalent to #.# percent of gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- in #### , well in excess of a eurozone limit of #.# percent , the federal statistics office destatis estimated on thursday .
manchester united manager alex ferguson revealed thursday that he has not finished his shopping list for the current transfer window .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on continued buying of blue chips and h-shares by institutional investors amid expectations that the market will extend its rally ahead of the lunar new year at the <unk> of the month , dealers said .
ashes-winning captain michael vaughan and ashley giles said thursday they were confident of winning the fitness battle ahead of england 's forthcoming cricket tour of india .
dozens of islanders , tourists and buddhist monks gathered thursday on the sands of a thai resort island to hold a memorial for a british tourist murdered there on new year 's day .
lg philips lcd , one of the world 's largest flat-panel screen makers , said thursday its fourth-quarter net profit rose sharply on strong demand for high-end lcd televisions and laptop computers .
french engineering giant alstom said thursday its third quarter sales rose #.# percent to #.### billion euros -lrb- four billion dollars -rrb- from the same period in #### , as it predicted a five-percent gain in full-year orders .
south african cricket coach mickey arthur believes out-of-form captain graeme smith is ready to show his true form in the upcoming limited-overs series with australia and sri lanka .
western opposition to iran 's nuclear program is rooted in a `` colonial mentality '' and the islamic republic will not back down to mounting pressure , top cleric akbar hashemi rafsanjani said thursday .
nearly two-thirds of the money donated to british charities following the #### indian ocean tsunami has yet to be spent , according to a report published thursday criticising their response to the disaster .
world oil prices pushed higher on thursday as iran 's defiant stand on its nuclear program sparked unease over supplies in the middle east , dealers said .
a german court on thursday sentenced a northern iraqi man to seven years in jail for belonging to the extremist group ansar al-islam and supporting its insurgency in iraq .
german international striker gerald asamoah confirmed thursday that he will stay with bundesliga side schalke ## until #### .
swedish consumer prices were unchanged in december from november and rose by #.# percent year-on-year , statistics sweden said on thursday .
four shell foreign oil workers have been abducted from an offshore oilfield in southern nigeria , a company spokesman said thursday .
french cyclist patrice halgand is out of next week 's australia 's tour down under after crashing during a training ride friday , organisers said .
german retail giant metro ag plans to open six to eight stores in china this year , an expansion that would add to its ## outlets on the mainland , state press reported thursday .
a british prisoner who transferred from a men 's jail to a women 's facility after changing sex has opted to swap gender -- and prisons -- again , a report said on thursday .
cambodian and international rights groups thursday welcomed the release on bail of rights leader <unk> <unk> , but urged the government to free four others jailed for defamation .
japan 's toshiba and sony together with ibm corp of the united states said thursday that they have entered a new five-year alliance with the aim of producing more powerful computer chips .
italy 's public deficit came to #.# percent of gross domestic product in third quarter #### and #.# percent in the first nine months , the national statistics institute said thursday , disclosing figures well in excess of eurozone spending limits .
a blinding first set ensured victory for croatian davis cup hero mario ancic against top seed fernando gonzalez here thursday , ending the spaniard 's defense of his new zealand open title .
india 's biggest software services company , tata consultancy services , reported thursday a #.# percent rise in third quarter net profit as companies globally boosted outsourcing .
hong kong 's leader donald tsang on thursday ruled out any new proposals for political reform during the remaining ## months of his current term , after pro-democracy legislators vetoed his earlier plan .
out-of-contract striker matt jansen will train with manchester city on thursday in the hope of landing a permanent deal after being released by blackburn .
iran is destroying all poultry in an area along its border with turkey in an effort to create a buffer against the spread of bird flu , a report said thursday .
iran has finished removing seals from three nuclear plants , including the one in natanz , under the supervision of iaea inspectors , a diplomatic source in vienna said thursday .
two greenpeace activists boarded the decommissioned french aircraft-carrier clemenceau early thursday to protest its transfer to an indian breakers ' yard where environmentalists say workers will be at risk of asbestos poisoning .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana urged all sides thursday to cooperate with the newly-appointed head of a un probe into the slaying of lebanon 's ex-premier rafiq hariri .
iran 's decision to close its land frontier with turkey because of the bird flu outbreak there has stopped a modest but flourishing regional crossborder trade and has dealt a serious economic blow to the area 's already needy residents .
five human rights activists are on trial in uzbekistan for handing out leaflets condemning the killing of civilians in a violently suppressed anti-government revolt , a rights group said thursday .
a malaysian snake charmer said thursday he will attempt to break the world record by kissing a poisonous snake ## times in ## minutes .
a rule obliging british parents to undertake the near-impossible task of making their babies adopt a `` neutral '' expression on passport photographs has been dropped after thousands of pictures were rejected , a report said thursday .
an independent human rights group said the number of political prisoners in cuba rose to ### in #### , up from ### the year before , calling it reflection of a deteriorating climate for civil rights .
a boeing ### was `` fortunate '' to land safely after being forced to glide over the center of london following engine trouble , a report by british aviation investigators said on thursday .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko demanded thursday that parliament rescind its vote taken earlier in the week to sack his pro-western government , the interfax news agency reported .
china expressed concern thursday that a political upheaval in neighboring mongolia could adversely affect stability in the central asian nation and hamper bilateral ties .
the release from jail thursday of mehmet ali agca , the turk who tried to kill pope john paul ii and was convicted of slaying a turkish journalist , is a `` grave '' legal error , former justice minister hikmet sami turk said .
italian airline air one said thursday it had placed an order worth #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion euros -rrb- with european airline manufacturer airbus .
taiwan 's china airlines -lrb- cal -rrb- said thursday it has acquired a ## percent stake in a chinese cargo carrier for some ###.# million yuan -lrb- ## million us dollars -rrb- .
two chinese sopranos are to star in puccini 's `` madame butterfly '' when it opens next week at the opera national de paris .
the european union 's afghan envoy expressed concern on thursday that the bloc 's reputation will be tarnished if the netherlands refuses to send troops into the south of the conflict-torn country .
scientists in taiwan have successfully bred three pigs which glow fluorescent green in the dark , marking a potential breakthrough for stem cell research , a professor said thursday .
the house where ##th century scientist charles darwin developed his theory of evolution is to be britain 's #### nomination for listing as a un world heritage site , the government announced thursday .
european champions liverpool on thursday completed the signing of denmark international defender dan agger on a four-and-a-half year deal .
the new chief of the un probe into former lebanese premier rafiq hariri 's murder , belgian prosecutor serge brammertz , is to take up his post in beirut next week , his team said thursday .
china thursday defended its africa policy against criticism that it involves dealing with `` rogue states '' and insisted that economic cooperation with africa would benefit its own development .
pope benedict xvi 's first and much-anticipated encyclical entitled `` deus caritas est '' or `` god is love '' is expected to be unveiled by january ## or ## , an italian publishing company said thursday .
rolland courbis has been sacked as coach of struggling french first division side ajaccio , the club confirmed on thursday .
britain 's manufacturing output rebounded in november from october 's heavy decline , boosted by higher production in the machinery and equipment industries , official data showed on thursday .
a croatian journalist charged by the un war crimes tribunal with contempt of court has defied it by publishing the secret testimony of a protected witness on the internet , reports said thursday .
the republic of mongolia is a young democracy and one of the world 's poorest countries .
high-flying <unk> in the british capital 's city finance district are to be rewarded with bonuses this year totalling a record #.# billion pounds -lrb- ##.# billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- , an economic research group said thursday .
nepal 's maoist rebels have attacked security posts and government offices in the remote southwest in the first big offensive since the end of a guerrilla ceasefire , police said thursday .
france 's societe generale said it is still in the running for a stake in china 's guangdong development bank and it has the backing of the french government for its bid .
the annual summit of the ##-member economic community of west african states -lrb- ecowas -rrb- , where regional security is expected to top the agenda , opened in the niger capital thursday .
nicolas sarkozy , france 's ambitious interior minister who sees himself becoming president in elections next year , on thursday proposed a range of deep political reforms -- and made a veiled dig at current president jacques chirac .
india said thursday there was no evidence that italian businessman ottavio quattrocchi received kickbacks from swedish firm bofors to close a #.#-billion-dollar indian military deal ## years ago .
a child who died last week at a hospital in eastern turkey was a victim of bird flu , the turkish health ministry said thursday , adding that it had identified the h#n# virus in two other people .
rwandan authorities have demanded the extradition of a catholic priest exiled in france who is suspected of participating in the country 's #### genocide , officials said thursday .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad called thursday for improved relations with his gulf neighbors and the exit of `` evil '' foriegn forces from the strategic waters .
the dollar weakened against the euro on thursday ahead of a decision on interest rates by the european central bank and us monthly trade data .
indian share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday , with overseas funds and investors booking profits in volatile trade , dealers said .
european leaders believe they are ending a phase in their talks with iran over its controversial nuclear program , an eu diplomat said on thursday .
holland 's michaella krajicek reached her second wta tour final after a straight sets win over croatian jelena kostanic in the tasmanian international here on thursday .
the bank of england on thursday held its key interest rate steady at #.## percent for the fifth month in a row , the central bank announced , as it assesses its outlook for the british economy .
scientists in taiwan have successfully bred three pigs which glow fluorescent green in the dark , marking a potential breakthrough for stem cell research , a professor said thursday .
a vice-governor of serbia 's central bank , dejan simic , has been arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes , interior minister dragan jocic said thursday .
twenty-four people were killed when a truck collided with an oncoming passenger bus on a road in southern nigeria 's edo state , a road safety commander thursday .
norwegian industrial group norsk hydro , the third biggest manufacturer of aluminium in the world , is studying the possibility of manufacturing the metal in russia , a spokeswoman for the company said on thursday .
french divers descended on thursday to the wreck of a wooden trawler that sank in the english channel last week , to search for the bodies of five missing sailors , maritime officials said .
ugo ehiogu 's move from middlesbrough to west brom is back on after manager steve mcclaren had a change of heart on thursday .
a former english literature student at one of britain 's most prestigious universities will not be prosecuted after calling a police horse `` gay '' , a court heard thursday .
an american-iranian national has been arrested in tehran for trying to fly out of the country with ## kilogrammes -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of opium hidden in toffees , the governmental iran newspaper said thursday .
german agriculture minister horst seehofer said on thursday he wants the european union to tighten controls on poultry imports to prevent the spread of bird flu following the outbreak in turkey .
the european central bank held its key interest rates steady as expected at its regular monthly policy-setting meeting here on thursday , the first meeting of the new year .
eritrea on thursday said it doubted the `` legality and political relevance '' of a us diplomatic mission being sent by washington to ease simmering border tensions between it and ethiopia .
uruguay striker walter pandiani is on his way back to spain after english premiership side birmingham agreed to sell him to espanyol .
norwegian telecommunications operator telenor on thursday said it had sold #.# percent of british mobile satellite communications company inmarsat for ##.# million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- .
police in greece on thursday said they had arrested a ##-year-old farmer accused of making over ### hoax calls about bombs in the capital 's public transport services and government buildings in the past month .
slovakia , a non-permanent member of the un security council , has called on iran to give up any part of its nuclear development program which could lead to the production of nuclear weapons , a slovak diplomatic source said thursday .
turkish justice minister cemil cicek said he would order a review of the case of mehmet ali agca , the man who attempted to kill pope john paul ii in #### , to determine whether his early release from jail on thursday was legally correct .
the un environment programme -lrb- unep -rrb- said thursday rampant deforestation was compounding the misery of millions of people across east africa who are threatened with famine as a result of a searing drought .
officials in the democratic republic of congo have set dates for the first democratic parliamentary and presidential polls in more than ## years after announcing overwhelming backing for a new constitution .
india 's industrial output grew by a lower-than-expected #.# percent in november from a year earlier , official data thursday showed , but economists said it should accelerate in coming months .
a cargo ship and a chemicals carrier collided in the english channel on thursday , but no pollution or injuries were reported , french maritime authorities said .
poland 's two biggest political parties thursday said they were open to resuming talks on creating a powerful liberal-conservative government coalition .
suffering a massive brain hemorrhage more than a week ago , prime minister ariel sharon has left hanging a number of pressing political issues that israel will have to grapple with in his absence .
governor rashidi <unk> of southwestern state of oyo was impeached thursday by the state lawmakers over alleged gross misconduct , abuse of office and corruption .
us jobless claims rose ##,### to a seasonally adjusted ###,### in the week ended january # , the labor department said thursday .
the us trade deficit narrowed about six percent in november to ##.# billion dollars after striking a record high the previous month , the government said thursday .
tutsi-led political parties and groups in burundi on thursday criticised the release on parole of hundreds of political prisoners , saying the move runs contrary to the intended goal of national unity .
more than ## people were killed thursday in a stampede during the `` stoning of the devil '' ritual in mina on the final day of the annual muslim pilgrimage in saudi arabia , medics said .
us president george w. bush held thursday his first phone call with israel 's acting prime minister ehud olmert since he assumed the reins of power from ariel sharon , the prime minister 's office said .
bulgarian teenage tennis star sesil karatantcheva on thursday vowed to fight her two year drugs ban which she attacked as wrong and incompetent .
britain announced plans on thursday to float defense research group qinetiq in february , the first flotation of a state-controlled company by prime minister tony blair 's labor government since it came to power in #### .
doctors treating ariel sharon after his massive stroke are to carry out another brain scan on the israeli premier who remains in a serious but stable condition , a hospital statement said thursday .
a south african-based <unk> revealed thursday that the continent 's first hominid discovery was killed by a large bird of prey , thereby solving a <unk> murder mystery .
a female danish reserve captain was found guilty thursday of abusing iraqi prisoners in #### , but will not be sentenced , a court in copenhagen ruled .
egypt and nato are to hold a conference in cairo next month on middle east security and efforts to rid the region of weapons of mass destruction , the official mena news agency reported thursday .
bulgaria 's finance ministry said thursday it had paid back more than ### million euros -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- of its total external state debt of #.# billion euros .
sao paulo striker marcio amoroso is due to sign for ac milan later thursday , the serie a club reported .
europe 's big three powers opened an emergency meeting in berlin on thursday to debate their response to iran 's defiant resumption of its sensitive nuclear research program .
atletico madrid , who have won only four of their ## league games this season , on thursday sacked their coach carlos bianchi after just six months in the job .
us stocks opened lower as broker downgrades at two key companies prompted investors to lock in gains from the strong runup of early #### .
us talk show queen oprah winfrey has come to the defense of a best-selling drugs memoir that she promoted before allegations surfaced that events described in the book were fabricated .
atletico madrid , who have won only four of their ## league games this season , on thursday sacked their coach carlos bianchi after just six months in the job .
high and volatile oil prices remain a source of concern for the european central bank in its fight to keep eurozone inflation in check , ecb president jean-claude trichet said on thursday .
the united nations on thursday criticized china for its poor initial response to a toxic benzene spill that contaminated a river and cut off water supplies to chinese and russians across the border .
ratings agency fitch said thursday it had lowered its outlook on ukrainian sovereign debt to `` stable '' from `` positive '' and had cut its forecast for economic growth this year .
us forces in iraq expect a surge in violence as political factions get down to negotiating a new coalition government , a us general warned thursday .
portuguese defense minister luis amado will begin a five-day visit to china this weekend , his office said thursday .
a palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up thursday near a group of israeli soldiers who were carrying out an arrest operation in the west bank town of jenin , military sources said .
benfica on thursday suspended russian international winger andrei <unk> over alleged criticial comments he made about portugal and his manager in a newspaper interview .
the top united nations human rights official said thursday the situation in war-ravaged northern uganda was `` extremely grave '' with atrocities and abuses committed by both the notorious rebel lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- and the ugandan military .
a polish nun who caused two accidents while driving under the influence of alcohol informed on a police officer who asked for a bribe to cover up her mishaps , prosecutors said thursday .
lebanese prime minister fuad <unk> held talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak thursday in the red sea resort of sharm el-sheikh , the official mena news agency reported .
nato denied thursday that it had any `` skeletons '' to hide in kosovo , after the council of europe demanded access to detention centres run by nato-led troops in kosovo -lrb- kfor -rrb- .
pope benedict xvi defended traditional catholic family values on thursday before a protest demanding legal recognition for unmarried gay and heterosexual couples .
a french court on thursday sentenced nine people to between ## months and seven years in jail for membership of grapo , a spanish left-wing extremist group blamed for dozens of political murders .
slovenia is for the first time to send troops to iraq , four officers and other ranks who will take part in a nato training mission for local security forces , the government said thursday .
anglo-dutch oil giant shell said thursday a pipeline was damaged in an explosion in southern nigeria , leading to a cut in production of ###,### barrels per day .
an african pastor was arrested in britain on thursday about allegations that he identified children as witches and encouraged their parents to beat them .
the man who founded the cavern nightclub , the venue that launched the beatles on the road to global superstardom , has died .
a five-member delegation from the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- is to arrive in zimbabwe later this month as the southern african country struggles to pay back about ### million us dollars owed to the lending club , the finance minister said thursday .
egypt on thursday refused to allow the french aircraft carrier clemenceau access to the suez canal enroute to india for decommissioning , egyptian officials said .
nato would like the netherlands to agree to contribute troops to expand its afghan peacekeeping force before a london conference on afghanistan at the end of january , an official indicated thursday .
spanish businesses may have to phase out work days built around the country 's lengthy siesta in the interests of gender equality , the country 's employment ministry thursday .
europe 's big three powers agreed here on thursday that their negotiations with iran on its nuclear program have reached a `` dead end '' , german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier said .
europe 's big three powers decided here on thursday to demand an extraordinary meeting of the un 's nuclear watchdog , the international atomic energy agency , on the iranian nuclear crisis , german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier said .
the british government said on thursday it was awarding a ###-million-pound -lrb- #.#-billion-euro , #.#-billion-dollar -rrb- contract to us defense group lockheed martin to upgrade the royal navy 's merlin helicopters .
walsall manager paul merson has urged the republic of ireland to be patient with steve staunton if they appoint him as their new national coach .
a brawl broke out at the wedding of the daughter of one of israel 's chief rabbis after an arab waiter was assaulted in the presence of president moshe katsav , a report said thursday .
sexually active gay men in south africa have been excluded by the country 's blood service from donating blood , causing an outcry from gay and lesbian groups in the southern african country .
more than ##,### cars were burned in arson attacks last year in france , a quarter of them during the three weeks of riots in november , the interior ministry said thursday .
a chilean polling firm forecast a comfortable win for socialist michelle bachelet in sunday 's presidential run-off vote as campaigning drew to a close here thursday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice will brief the press thursday on the crisis over iran 's nuclear program after a meeting of washington 's european allies in berlin , officials said .
kenya on thursday waived import duty on relief food as it battles to feed millions of people facing acute shortages and potential famine due to a searing drought that has hit nations across east africa .
the united nations said thursday that up to ##,### southern sudanese refugees might voluntarily return to their homes from camps in neighbouring states in #### as last year 's peace deal to end ## years of north-south civil war takes hold .
a third senior member of britain 's smaller opposition liberal democrat party announced his intention to stand for the party 's top job thursday , following the resignation of its former leader due to a drink problem .
at least ## people have died this month in rwanda after outbreaks of cholera in two villages east of the capital , the health ministry said thursday .
greece is looking for a foreign country to accept shipments of treated sludge from athens that no local authority in the country wants to deal with , the state sewerage company said on thursday .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov described as `` inadmissible '' thursday the iranian president 's comments that he wished israeli prime minister ariel sharon was dead .
china 's top women distance runner sun yingjie was banned for two years thursday for failing a dope test at october 's national games , state media said .
the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- on thursday selected venues for the champions trophy to be held in india later this year and discussed the snowballing crisis in zimbabwe cricket .
american skier bode miller has moved to win back the support of the fans and friends he said he had let down by admitting racing while under the influence of alcohol .
eight russian soldiers , two chechen police officers and two pro-moscow chechen fighters have died in the latest bloodshed in chechnya , an official from the war-torn province 's pro-moscow government said thursday .
european health experts agreed thursday that there is no need for a heightened travel alert due to the bird flu outbreak in turkey , according to a document released after a day of talks .
the european court of human rights thursday found malta guilty of breaching its convention in the case of a man forced to register himself as the father of a child he claimed was not his .
french defense and electronics group thales received orders worth more than ##.# billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in #### , company chief executive denis <unk> said in an interview published on thursday .
european stock markets ended the day stable on thursday , with the london ftse ### index closing down just #.## percent at #,###.# points .
graffiti urging the death of stricken israeli prime minister ariel sharon was found thursday in prison cells where three teenage jewish settler girls are being held , a prisons spokesman said .
the foreign ministers of britain , france and germany on thursday here said the iranian nuclear crisis should be referred to the un security council .
michael schumacher said thursday he was optimistic for a successful #### season with ferrari , which he also hinted could be his last behind the wheel of a formula one car .
european experts called thursday for greater coordination between turkey and its neighbors to stem an outbreak of bird flu , reiterating the `` concern and anxiety '' the scare is fueling in europe .
the united states will provide poland from #### with five used hercules c-###e transport planes made by lockheed martin , the polish defense ministry said thursday .
world cup finalists czech republic and saudi arabia will clash in a friendly international in the austrian city of innsbruck on may ## , the czech football federation -lrb- cmfs -rrb- said here on thursday .
the european commission is launching an investigation into alleged dumping by television tube makers from asia , a lithuanian manufacturer who lodged a complaint with the eu said on thursday .
the netherlands on thursday demanded turkey take disinfection precautions at its airports after an outbreak of the deadly strain of bird flu in the country , a report said .
conflicts in africa and global shortcomings in confronting the ravages of aids dominated a list published thursday by medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- of the most underreported humanitarian stories of #### .
gunmen opened fire on the west bank home of palestinian interior minister nasr yussef on thursday , wounding at least five people , security sources said .
serbia said thursday it was establishing a national security council tasked with supervising and coordinating the hunt for fugitives wanted by the un war crimes tribunal .
dutch defense minister henk kamp on thursday criticized the us prison camp guantanamo bay saying it would be better if the camp closed down , in an interview with dutch public radio .
the mother and stepfather of a seven-year-old girl were in new york police custody thursday after she was found beaten to death , having apparently been tied to a chair in her room and sexually abused .
ukraine became the ##th member of a pan-european organization created to fight corruption , the council of europe announced thursday .
world anti doping agency chief dick pound has labeled american skier bode miller stupid for the controversial claims he made about being drunk while racing .
lebanese prime minister fuad siniora urged syria thursday to cooperate with a un probe into the killing of former lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri , the official mena news agency reported .
croatia 's communist party president said thursday he had filed a lawsuit against croatia , serbia and its former leader slobodan milosevic over `` starting a fratricidal war '' in the ex-yugoslavia .
belarus opposition leader anatoli lebedko said thursday he had been barred from leaving the country .
the conservative party which leads polls in canada 's election campaign on thursday dumped a candidate who is embroiled in controversy over smuggling charges .
the pentagon thursday defended an army general who invoked his right not to incriminate himself in refusing to answer questions in the case of two soldiers accused of using dogs to intimidate prisoners at abu ghraib .
all three major lithuanian mobile phone operators have lodged bids for third-generation mobile networks -lrb- umts -rrb- in the new eu member state , the communication regulatory authority said thursday .
germany won the #x# .# km world cup biathlon relay race here on thursday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday that iran had carried out a `` deliberate escalation '' of the dispute over its nuclear program and that it must be <unk> to the un security council .
a supporter who verbally abused new zealand legend jonah lomu during a rugby match has been banned for life from llanelli matches .
cameroon announced a ##-man squad for the african nations cup which takes place in egypt from january ##-february ## .
auxerre midfielder <unk> abou diaby is set to sign for arsenal according to the french first division club 's vice president gerard bourgoin on thursday .
the son of lebanon 's murdered former prime minister rafiq hariri thursday repeated calls for syria to assist a probe into his father 's death , following a meeting with french president jacques chirac .
the us ambassador to the united nations , john bolton , on thursday called iran `` a threat to international peace '' but added that it remains to be seen how the un security council can resolve the nuclear crisis .
a member of the nazi-hunting wiesenthal centre , shimon samuels , is being sued for defamation after accusing a french-based group of financing palestinian militants , he said in a statement on thursday .
sunderland boss mick mccarthy has revealed he is trying to bring grasshoppers midfielder ricardo cabanas to the english premiership in the january transfer window .
un chief kofi annan on thursday discussed the iranian nuclear crisis by telephone with iran 's top nuclear negotiator ali larijani , un spokesman stephane dujarric said .
the new york islanders , struggling through a disappointing national hockey league season , thursday sacked coach steve stirling .
danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen promised thursday to review work rules for nationals from the newest member states of the european union to make sure they are treated fairly .
croatia decided thursday to withdraw austrian company <unk> 's fruit juice from its market after it was found to contain the <unk> chemical .
un security council member greece said thursday it regretted that iran 's resumption of nuclear research looked set to scupper diplomatic efforts to break the deadlock with the international community .
european airline manufacturer airbus said on thursday that mexican company volaris had placed an order to buy ## airbus a### planes , with an option to buy ## others from the a### family of aircraft .
cameroon legend roger milla said he was sorry to see that pierre <unk> , the man who missed the penalty which would have taken the africans to the world cup finals , axed from the country 's african nations cup squad .
guinea announced a ##-man squad for the african nations cup which takes place in egypt from january ##-february ## .
four people were killed in a military plane crash in the us state of georgia , the us navy said in a statement thursday .
the new ferrari car , which the italian giants will hope wrest the formula one world title back from renault this year , will be unveiled on january ## at their mugello track , the team 's sporting director jean todt said here on thursday .
president george w. bush on thursday confirmed his commitment to help rebuild areas devastated by last summer 's hurricanes , calling the us government a `` partner '' in the reconstruction effort .
ireland 's biggest trade union said on thursday its bosses were prepared to enter talks on a new national pay deal , after the government agreed the controversial practice of employing migrant workers would top the agenda .
rubens barrichello , dropped by ferrari last season , began life as a bar-honda driver on thursday by topping the time charts in his first outing for his new team .
the united states welcomed thursday the arrest of ## separatist rebels in indonesia over the #### murder of two american teachers , saying a resolution to the case was crucial for washington .
a british officer 's scathing critique of the us army 's performance in iraq was `` very helpful '' in prodding debate but off the mark in accusing army decision-making of being too centralized , the top us military officer said thursday .
us manufacturers demanded action against a `` predatory '' china after new data thursday showed the us trade deficit with the booming country on course to surpass ### billion dollars in #### .
two us warships have been deployed off the coast of liberia for next week 's inauguration of ellen johnson sirleaf , africa 's first elected female president , the us navy said thursday .
the world bank has ordered that the london citibank account in which chad holds its oil revenues be frozen , the chad government said in a statement .
franco-british high-speed rail operator eurotunnel said on thursday that under normal operating conditions it would be able to meet its contractual commitments until the start of #### , when the first repayments of its main debt become due .
us share prices skidded lower thursday as worries about the resumption of iran 's nuclear research program added to concerns about corporate earnings .
west ham defender tomas repka is set to sign for sparta prague in his native czech republic , it was announced on thursday .
a dna test has confirmed the guilt of a us prisoner executed in #### for the rape and murder of his sister-in-law , the governor 's office in the state of virgina said on thursday .
british low-cost airline easyjet lashed out on thursday at the french government 's decision to raise charges at paris ' two civil airports by five percent a year over the next five years .
the annual summit of the ##-member economic community of west african states -lrb- ecowas -rrb- , ended thursday with the leaders approving the transformation of the bloc 's executive secretariat into a commission .
a leading human rights group accused the ethiopian government on thursday of using excessive force to suppress political dissent in the wake of disputed elections .
canada on thursday said it was `` deeply concerned '' by iran 's decision to resume uranium enrichment , and called on the un security council to take action on tehran .
the us government asked the us supreme court thursday to dismiss all challenges to on the legality of special war-on-terror trials .
a planned us diplomatic mission to ease border tensions between eritrea and ethiopia is still on despite a cool reception by the asmara government , the state department said thursday .
us share prices skidded lower thursday as worries about the resumption of iran 's nuclear research program added to concerns on wall street about corporate earnings .
holders inter milan booked their place in the italian cup quarter-finals on thursday when a #-# draw with parma allowed them to progress #-# on aggregate .
the dollar found fresh momentum on thursday after news of a lower-than-expected us trade deficit for november and the absence of any strong hint of a rate hike from the european central bank .
general motors said thursday its global sales rose two percent in #### thanks to robust foreign market demand , in contrast to a spluttering performance at home for the us auto giant .
the indianapolis colts , trying to cap their stellar national football league season with a super bowl triumph , launch their playoff campaign on sunday against pittsburgh .
yao ming 's injury absence from the national basketball association has only made his fans ' hearts grow fonder , judging from early returns in all-star balloting .
the cleveland indians signed utility man eduardo perez on thursday , the veteran hitter inking a one-year deal with a club option for #### .
mike mccarthy was named coach of the green bay packers on thursday , becoming the national football league 's youngest coach .
walsall defender steve staunton will be named as the new republic of ireland manager after his club and irish football officials came to an agreement over his release from his contract with the english team .
australian police can not arrest a former serb paramilitary chief suspected of committing atrocities during croatia 's ####-#### war until a formal extradition request has been received , officials said friday .
german chancellor angela merkel arrived in washington thursday for her first meeting with us president george w. bush that was expected to focus on the nuclear crisis with iran .
lleyton hewitt faces a potential semi-final showdown with world number one roger federer if he is to become the first home player in ## years to win the australian open , starting here on monday .
britain 's trade minister announced friday he would lead a delegation of businessmen to india and sri lanka next week to boost britain 's bilateral business relationships with the south asian countries .
the african nations cup kicks off next friday in egypt , but one competition award has already been settled .
the african nations cup in egypt offers senegal a chance to salvage badly bruised pride .
ghana are long overdue african nations cup glory having last lifted the trophy ## years ago .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice downplayed the threat of possible un security council sanctions on iran for starting up its nuclear program in a television interview late thursday .
south korea 's samsung electronics reported mixed results for the fourth quarter friday , with operating profit below market expectations but sales chalking up an all-time record .
arsenal full-back ashley cole is already dreaming of the world cup finals in germany this summer and is determined to prove his fitness ahead of the big event .
johnny weir put himself in position to book an olympic berth on thursday when he led the men 's short program at the us figure skating championships .
nicolas kiefer rolled an ankle in a freak accident during the second game of his match with andy roddick at the kooyong classic on friday , handing the american a trip into the final .
the dollar gained against the yen in asian trade friday after the us trade deficit narrowed , with the euro weighed down by less hawkish remarks by the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- chief , dealers said .
australia has dropped out of a new pacific rugby competition which will pit teams from fiji , samoa and tonga against japan and the junior all blacks .
hong kong share prices were flat in early trade friday after opening lower as the market consolidated recent strong gains , with wall street 's decline overnight keeping trade cautious , dealers said .
ulsan hyundai midfielder hyun <unk> is to join zenit saint petersburg , the first south korean player to join a russian side .
australian scientists say they have isolated a gene that increases the risk of manic depression , a discovery which could lead to improved treatments for those suffering from the illness .
china 's central bank has reiterated it has no plan to sell down its us dollar holdings or use them to buy other assets such as oil after suggestions it might do so sparked nervousness on the international forex markets , state press reported friday .
australia will tell china next week that it must agree to stringent safeguards if it wants uranium shipments to fuel its plans for massive nuclear power expansion , officials said friday .
sri lanka won the toss and sent australia in to bat in their opening tri-series limited overs cricket match at melbourne 's telstra dome on friday .
police in vietnam have arrested the coach of a top vietnamese football club and his deputy for allegedly fixing matches in the professional v-league during the ####-#### season , an official said friday .
global food giant kraft moved to assure australians friday that production of the famous vegemite savory spread would not be shifted overseas as a result of the closure of one of its melbourne factories .
oil prices were lower in asian trade friday , easing back as the markets waited to see what would happen next in the crisis over iran 's decision to resume sensitive nuclear activities , dealers said .
asian golfing stalwart thongchai jaidee has tipped the coming season as a breakthrough year for a host of young guns , with a duo from his home country thailand seen as challenging the old pros .
sourav ganguly was included in the indian team to take on pakistan in the first cricket test at the gaddafi stadium here on friday .
australian international striker archie thompson has linked up with national coach guus hiddink 's psv eindhoven , his club melbourne victory said friday .
michelle wie stumbled in her first pga tour event since turning pro shooting a <unk> ## to sit ## shots back of first round leader rory sabbatini at the #.# million dollar sony open on thursday .
hong kong share prices closed the friday morning session flat after opening lower as the market consolidated recent strong gains , with wall street 's decline overnight keeping trade cautious , dealers said .
it 's tipped for oscar honors and stars one of the country 's biggest screen hunks -- but gay western romance `` brokeback mountain '' is unlikely to be seen by those in australia 's own ` cowboy country ' .
comic actor jim carrey revealed he is learning how to love life again thanks to his teenage daughter , in a british newspaper interview published friday .
johnny weir put himself in position to book an olympic berth on thursday when he led the men 's short program at the us figure skating championships .
japanese share prices closed little changed friday as weaker-than-expected machinery orders data put a dampener on investor sentiment , dealers said .
a japanese securities firm said friday it had lost ### million yen -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- on an erroneous trade on the tokyo stock exchange , just the latest blunder in recent weeks on asia 's top bourse .
roger federer plans a scout around the locker rooms at melbourne park in hopes of finding out about his mystery first-round australian open opponent , uzbekistan 's denis istomin .
australian shares closed little changed again friday around record levels but managed to come off early lows following wall street 's overnight downturn , dealers said .
local bookmakers are at odds over who will take the women 's title at the australian open next week , with belgians kim clijsters and justine henin-hardenne both tipped as winners .
joannie rochette moved a step closer to defending her canadian title as she sits in first place after the ladies short program at the canadian figure skating championships here on thursday .
the main suspect in the killing of two americans in indonesia 's papua province more than three years ago has told police that he led the attack , his lawyer said friday .
czech jaromir jagr scored in the first minute of overtime to lift new york to a #-# win over edmonton on the same night the rangers retired mark messier 's no ## jersey .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon , in a coma since a massive stroke last week , will undergo a futher neurological evaluation friday , the jerusalem hospital where he is being treated said .
a court has lifted another lifestyle taboo in india by allowing women to serve liquor in bars .
south korea 's discredited cloning pioneer hwang woo-suk and six co-authors of his research papers could be sacked from the country 's top university , school authorities said friday .
australia made ### for five in their opening tri-series one-day international cricket match against sri lanka at melbourne 's telstra dome on friday .
medical device producer boston scientific said it has raised its offer to acquire rival manufacturer guidant from ## to ## dollars a share , hoping to outmaneuver johnson and johnson -lrb- <unk> -rrb- in the bidding war .
us research journal science said it was `` unconditionally '' retracting two published articles by disgraced south korean stem cell scientist hwang woo-suk , who could face criminal charges over fraudulent research .
a high-profile chinese rights lawyer who has spoken out against china 's often brutal crackdown on the banned falungong spiritual movement was detained by police friday , his wife said .
gunmen armed with an assault rifle shot and killed a well-known elderly british environmentalist early friday in an apparent home invasion robbery in kenya 's central rift valley , police said .
new portsmouth signing sean davis on friday slammed former tottenham boss martin jol as `` arrogant '' .
sri lanka bore the full brunt of one-day specialists andrew symonds and damien martyn as world champions australia marched to a formidable ###-# in their opening tri-series match at the telstra dome here on friday .
a total of ### pilgrims , including about ### egyptian nationals , were killed in the stampede at the annual hajj pilgrimage , a senior saudi medical official told afp on friday .
the initial findings of an international probe into last month 's iraqi election will be released as early as sunday , enabling the final outcome of the vote to be announced thereafter , officials said on friday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , extending gains as investors bought into blue chips and china stocks after some caution in the morning session , dealers said .
south african strike bowler makhaya ntini could make a surprise return for the triangular one-day series here after andre nel was found to have a severe stress fracture in his left foot friday .
hong kong gold prices closed lower friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
israel 's centrist party kadima , founded by prime minister ariel sharon six weeks before his massive stroke , has maintained its sweeping lead over rivals in the latest opinion polls published friday .
swiss banking giant ubs on friday announced that it had reached a ##-million-dollar -lrb- ##-million-euro -rrb- settlement in litigation with the new york stock exchange and two us states .
japanese share prices closed little changed friday as the market took a breather following losses on wall street and weaker-than-expected domestic machinery orders data , dealers said .
vietnam has joined the brussels convention on the distribution of satellite signals in another effort to reach international standards on intellectual property rights , an official said friday .
egypt said friday it was awaiting documents from france to provide assurances that a decommissioned french warship seeking to transit the suez canal was not carrying hazardous waste .
inflation in france came to #.# percent in #### and #.# percent in december compared with november , the national statistics institute insee reported friday , citing final figures for the year .
australian share prices are tipped to push higher next week in fresh record territory on the back of gains in banks and expectations oil price rises will boost the resources sector , dealers said friday .
manchester united fans have dismissed manager sir alex ferguson 's backing of new owner malcolm glazer .
lawyers for tareq aziz , the iraqi foreign minister under saddam hussein , have filed an application with the government for his immediate release and have asked france , italy and sweden if they could accept him for urgent medical treatment .
commuters in london faced more potential misery on friday after subway train drivers decided to vote on strike action , following recent work stoppages by other staff on the network .
authorities in northeastern greece on friday arrested two greeks caught transporting ## illegal immigrants in a truck , police sources in the local city of komotini said .
a british national has been confirmed as among more than ### people killed in a stampede at the annual hajj pilgrimage in saudi arabia , foreign secretary jack straw said on friday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , extending gains as investors bought into blue chips and china stocks after some caution in the morning session , dealers said .
south africa 's foreign minister will travel to ivory coast at the weekend to attend talks tracking the peace process in the west african nation , her office said friday .
spanish giants real madrid on friday denied reports linking them with a move for arsenal defender ashley cole .
south korea agreed friday to lift a two-year ban on some us beef products from march but will maintain it on imports of bones and beef ribs , officials said .
fiorentina president diego della valle has launched a scathing attack on italian prime minister silvio berlusconi in the latest row over football television rights .
turkish newspapers were united friday in angrily condemning the release of mehmet ali agca , the turk who shot pope john paul ii in #### , and expressing shame at one of the country 's most notorious killers being free .
south african center <unk> van rensburg has signed for french top flight rugby union outfit narbonne until june #### , the club confirmed friday .
in a career move many britons will see a particularly appropriate , the oldest son of famously <unk> prime minister tony blair is to try his hand at the murky world of public relations , a report said friday .
the eurozone will likely clock up growth of #.#-# .# percent in the last quarter of #### and the first quarter of this year , the european commission forecast friday .
millions of french gamblers were hoping friday ## would prove lucky for some with two record jackpots worth more than ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- up for grabs .
iran should be dealt with firmly by a united international community , italian foreign minister gianfranco fini said friday amid heightened tensions over tehran 's nuclear program .
poland 's lower house of parliament has reached a compromise on when to vote on the #### budget , officials said friday , temporarily calming an issue that sparked rowdy parliamentary sessions this week and raised the prospect of early elections .
australian crowds continued to torment brilliant sri lankan offspinner muttiah muralitharan here friday , repeating the taunts that once angered him so much he pulled out of a #### test tour of the country .
portugal , one of western europe 's poorest nations , will in july become the first country on the continent to sell low-priced cars made by china 's largest automaker , geely , business daily diario economico said friday .
indonesian muslim leaders on friday expressed horror over reported plans to publish a local edition of playboy and warned of `` disastrous '' consequences .
european stock markets retreated on profit-taking friday , with paris and frankfurt shares hit by broker downgrades , and after wall street slipped overnight , dealers said .
seven leading norwegian salmon producers are being investigated for alleged illegal use of <unk> to give the fish a more attractive color , the norwegian food control agency said on friday .
the european commission will offer to contribute ### million us dollars , or ## million euros , at a pledging conference on bird flu in beijing next week , a senior official said friday .
the anglo-dutch oil giant shell warned its customers friday that crude oil exports from its forcados terminal in nigeria will be delayed this month following an attack on one of its pipelines .
ukraine 's parliament voted friday to delay its winter recess by one week amid a standoff with president viktor yushchenko , who has demanded that lawmakers reverse their vote to sack his government .
russian football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- president vitaly mutko said friday that he decided to invite a foreign coach to take over the country 's national squad .
ac milan have completed the signing of striker marcio amoroso from sao paolo , the serie a club confirmed friday .
russia again urged iran friday to resume a moratorium on nuclear research and said it would look into the possibility of referring the islamic republic to the un security council over its controversial atomic program .
rising dutch star michaella krajicek claimed her second career wta title with a straight sets victory over iveta benesova in the final of the tasmanian international here friday .
french cyclist patrice halgand is expected to leave hospital sunday after a nasty crash during training ahead of next week 's australian tour down under , cycling australia said friday .
the greek agriculture ministry on friday said it has set up local emergency response centres across the country to meet the threat of bird flu , which has killed three people in neighbouring turkey .
criticism mounted in britain friday against maverick member of parliament and anti-iraq war campaigner george galloway for allegedly neglecting his constituents by taking part in a tv reality show .
world champions australia , propelled by a whirlwind ###-run partnership from damien martyn and andrew symonds , overwhelmed sri lanka by ### runs in the opening tri-series limited overs cricket match at melbourne 's telstra dome on friday .
stelios haji-ioannou , founder and biggest shareholder in british low-cost airline easyjet , said friday he would sell his ##.#-percent stake only if he trusted the buyer to protect the `` easy '' brand .
lebanon has arrested ## arabs suspected of being members of the al-qaeda network who were plotting attacks in the country , judicial officials said friday .
a ski stick that croatian star janica kostelic lost in a world cup race earlier this month was sold at a charity auction here for ##,### euros -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- , local press said friday .
russia urged iran to resume a moratorium on nuclear research and said friday it would look into the possibility of referring the islamic republic to the un security council over its controversial atomic program .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom resigned friday , following his three cabinet colleagues from the right-wing likud , as parties prepared for a march general election , reports said .
the dollar on friday handed back gains against the euro , as market players awaited publication of us key economic data .
younis khan hit an unbeaten ### as pakistan made ###-# on the opening day of the first cricket test against india at the gaddafi stadium here on friday .
german intelligence agents gathered information in iraq in #### and shared it with their us counterparts , a government spokesman said on friday amid a furore over reports that berlin secretly helped the war effort .
sweden 's anja parson won the women 's world cup downhill race here on friday ahead of austria 's michaela dorfmeister <unk> franzi <unk> of switzerland .
kenyan authorities on friday ordered police to be ruthless with an outlawed cult blamed for murders and violent robberies and held by officials to be attempting to win legitimacy by transforming itself into a political party .
former fighters of liberia 's brutal war have given their battered capital city a vigorous clean up in preparation for next week 's official installation ceremony of africa 's first democratically elected female president .
lukoil , russia 's largest oil producer , said friday its third quarter net earnings rose ## percent to #.### billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion euros -rrb- compared with the same period of #### .
after more than six decades of broadcasting , the bbc world service 's thai radio programming was coming to an end on friday , one of ## languages being axed as part of restructuring at the corporation .
a parliamentary newcomer announced his aim friday to become head of britain 's second opposition party , the liberal democrats , following the resignation of the previous leader over a drink problem .
sweden 's anja parson won the women 's world cup downhill race here on friday ahead of austria 's michaela dorfmeister <unk> franzi <unk> of switzerland .
at least five turks died in the stampede near the holy saudi arabian city of mecca , turkish officials said friday .
the chinese embassy in senegal reopened friday three months after dakar cut ties with taiwan and switched back to beijing , ending a nine-year closure because of recognition of the island china claims .
actual foreign direct investment in china -lrb- fdi -rrb- last year slid #.# percent to ##.## billion dollars from #### , the government said friday .
spanish top seed anabel medina garrigues overcame determined korean cho yoon-jeong to win the final of the canberra international here friday .
vehicle sales in china grew ##.# percent in #### , buoyed by unexpected strength in the passenger car sector although commercial truck sales slumped , semi-official data showed friday .
strict security measures introduced by the italian government at the start of the season to combat football violence has proved a roaring success , a report published by a sports watchdog said friday .
a human rights activist was jailed for five years and four others sentenced to lesser terms in uzbekistan for condemning the killing of civilians in a violently suppressed anti-government revolt , a rights group said friday .
monaco 's togolese international striker emmanuel adebayor has insisted he is determined to quit the french outfit .
six people went on trial in central italy friday for manslaughter following the death of ## children and their teacher when their school collapsed in an earthquake in october #### .
arsenal confirmed friday they had signed france under-## international <unk> abou diaby for an undisclosed fee .
consumer prices in portugal increased by #.# percent over the ## months of #### , national statistics institute ine said friday .
the olympic flame , which is being ferried across italy in the build-up to the winter games in turin , will arrive at ferrari 's headquarters at <unk> this saturday .
the european commission gave the green light friday for three genetically modified maize lines to be brought to market in the european union .
a surge in energy costs pushed wholesale prices up #.# percent in december , the government reported friday .
english champions wasps have one of the most difficult assignments in club rugby union when they travel to european cup holders and this season 's favorites toulouse on saturday knowing they must win to stay in the tournament .
animal rights activists on friday called on norwegian sporting authorities to remove fur that adorns the official garb of the scandinavian country 's olympic team headed for turin in italy next month .
us retail sales rose #.# percent in december as outlays on vehicles and gasoline strengthened , the commerce department said friday .
israeli artillery bombarded a no-go zone in the northern gaza strip on friday in response to six rocket attacks fired by militants from the territory into southern israel , an army spokesman said .
the us government friday accused critics of a proposed free-trade pact with thailand of `` scaremongering '' after the two countries concluded their latest talks on the controversial agreement .
turkish health authorities are investigating whether bird flu may be the cause of the death in a hospital in this southeastern city friday of a two and a half year old girl , doctors said .
britain 's compass group , the world 's biggest caterer , said friday it had agreed to increase its stake in us group levy restaurants to ### percent in a deal worth ### million dollars -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in cash .
a us envoy on friday backed palestinian calls for arab residents in east jerusalem to be able to vote in this month 's parliamentary elections .
czech culture minister vitezslav <unk> will play a hunter for a long lost treasure in an action film set during world war ii to be shot in mid-#### , ludmila <unk> of the ministry 's press department told afp on friday .
the czech world cup football team will be based at a lake side hotel near the town of <unk> for this summer 's finals in germany , squad spokesman lukas <unk> said on friday .
a sierra leonean former rebel spokesman , <unk> <unk> , has been arrested in freetown on suspicion of involvement in subversive activities , president ahmad tejan kabbah has announced .
the extravagant pre-world cup gala , planned for two days before the finals kick off here on june # , have been canceled because of fears over damage to the pitch , fifa said on friday .
the number of counterfeit euro banknotes in circulation was lower in the second half of last year than in the first half and was also lower than in the same period a year earlier , data published by the european central bank showed on friday .
the trial of three police officers accused of negligence which allowed the beslan school hostage massacre to take place was adjourned as it began on friday to allow the judges to study two petitions .
the united states will give ###,### dollars to a filipino whose tip led to the arrest of a muslim militant wanted for the kidnapping and murder of two american tourists , the us embassy said friday .
us stocks opened modestly higher friday as investors drew encouragement from generally positive economic news despite caution over an overbought market .
a spanish expedition has claimed a new record by traveling #,### kilometers -lrb- #,### miles -rrb- across the antarctic in ## days .
england have yet to finalize their spin options for their forthcoming test series in india despite naming a ##-man squad for the three-match series here friday .
zambian president levy mwanawasa said friday he would introduce new laws aimed at reforming the electoral system ahead of general elections later this year .
oita trinita 's brazilian striker magno alves has completed a move to j-league champions gamba osaka , osaka officials said on friday .
two us pilots were killed friday when their helicopter crashed in northern iraq , the us military said .
english premiership side bolton have signed matt jansen after the striker was released by neighbors blackburn .
the world health organisation has confirmed indonesia 's ##th death from bird flu , a spokeswoman said friday .
hollywood star angelina jolie , taking a break from filming in the dominican republic , plans to visit neighboring haiti to help with humanitarian efforts in the impoverished nation , a local charity said .
russia lifted restrictions on friday on foreign investors in gazprom , the world 's largest gas company .
the us government pressed south korea friday to accept all us beef imports `` without delay '' after seoul agreed to partially lift a ban imposed over fears of mad cow disease .
real madrid were pitted against holders real betis in the spanish cup quarter-finals in friday 's draw .
steve staunton was confirmed as the new manager of the republic of ireland on friday .
lithuania 's state-owned railway company said on friday its net profit in #### totalled ## million litas -lrb- ##.# million euros , ##.# million dollars -rrb- , slightly down from ## million litas in #### .
the international green week agriculture and food fair opened in berlin on friday with fears about the spread of bird flu at the forefront of participants ' minds .
turkey will receive ## million dollars -lrb- ## million euros -rrb- in aid under a world bank sponsored program aimed at bolstering the country 's defenses against a deadly bird flu outbreak , agriculture minister mehdi <unk> said here friday .
survivors and families of ## people killed in an air crash ## years ago renewed legal proceedings at the european court of human rights on friday accusing france 's justice system of taking too long to settle their case .
european stock markets ended the day lower on friday , <unk> <unk> ftse ### index shedding #.## percent to close at #,### points .
spain have chosen kamen near dortmund as their base for this summer 's world cup , the spanish football federation announced on friday .
us president george w. bush said friday , after talks with german chancellor angela merkel , that he wants a diplomatic solution to the iran nuclear crisis .
a spanish general who warned the military could intervene if the catalonia region gained too much autonomy has been fired , the government announced on thursday .
two czech senators have been refused visas to visit belarus , where they planned to meet with opposition politicians , members of the press and non-government organizations , the czech news agency ctk said friday .
a florida school was evacuated friday after a student , who himself carried a weapon , was shot , authorities said in longwood , near orlando , florida .
wall street set a new record for bonuses in #### , with an estimated ##.# billion dollars , thanks in part to a big year for mergers and acquisitions , according to new york state officials .
some types of `` dangerous '' dogs could be banned in switzerland within weeks under new measures planned in the wake of the death of a young boy who was mauled by three pitbull terriers , the swiss government said friday .
the #### fashion year opens this weekend in milan with a hotly-anticipated , ready-to-wear men 's collection from the jil sander house hitting the catwalks on sunday .
general motors said friday it expects improved financial performance in #### as the struggling automaker progresses on its plan to reduce overall operating costs .
a ship bearing vehicles marked with united nations insignia and light weapons was berthed in equatorial guinea 's port of malabo friday after being seized by the country 's navy .
british investors will be looking for london 's stock market to extend its recent strong run next week , amid a batch of economic data and company trading updates .
following pressure from his church a lutheran minister on friday gave up his seat on the panel of judges that will pick the next miss norway this weekend .
president george w. bush said friday that iran must not be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon because it would become a threat to the world and israel in particular .
the connecticut state supreme court on friday rejected an appeal by kennedy cousin michael skakel against his conviction for the murder ## years ago of his ##-year-old neighbor martha moxley .
us president george w. bush said friday that the un security council was the `` logical '' next step in handling the iran nuclear crisis .
france 's economy is expected to grow #.# percent this year , with the computer and aviation construction industries faring well but a cloud hanging over the automobile and farm sectors , french bank credit lyonnais -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said friday .
visiting german chancellor angela merkel on friday said she had spoken openly with us president george w. bush about various issues on which their two countries disagree , including the us detention camp in guantanamo bay , cuba .
the us army has canceled a ###-million-dollar contract with lockheed martin to produce a new spy plane called the aerial common sensor , a spokesman said friday .
us first lady laura bush will visit ghana at the weekend , ghana 's presidential spokesman said friday .
the pre-world cup gala , planned for two days before the finals kick off on june # , was canceled on friday with critics lining up to condemn the decision and offer various reasons why the spectacle was <unk> .
us president george w. bush and german chancellor angela merkel said friday relations between their two countries were back on track following a frosty period because of disagreement on the iraq war .
three-month-old `` baby noor , '' who was flown to the united states from iraq on new year 's eve , was released friday from an atlanta hospital where she underwent surgery for a life-threatening deformity of her spine , doctors said .
armenia has agreed to a doubling of the price it currently pays for delivery of natural gas from russia , armenian prime minister andranik <unk> told afp here friday .
armenia has agreed to a doubling of the price it currently pays for delivery of natural gas from russia , armenian prime minister andranik <unk> told afp here friday .
the united states said friday it was nigerian president olusegun obasanjo 's `` international responsibility '' to turn over ex-liberian leader charles taylor to a special un war crimes tribunal .
swedish mass fashion retailer hennes and mauritz -lrb- h and m -rrb- on friday said it had launched legal proceedings against a clothing manufacturer registered in russia as h and m international .
radical shiite cleric moqtada sadr emphasised his hostility towards the us-led forces in iraq and said he was ready to help make them leave peacefully , in a rare interview broadcast on friday .
andreas goldberger of austria retired from ski jumping at a demonstration event here on friday .
canada has expelled an algerian who has been detained as a suspected terrorist for four years without any charge being made , officials said friday .
iran on friday threatened to stop cooperating with the un atomic watchdog if its nuclear program is referred to the security council , as the united states and european union have threatened following tehran 's resumption of sensitive nuclear activities .
lebanese authorities on friday arrested a syrian national for giving false testimony to investigators trying to shed light on the murder of former lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri , a judicial source said .
kenyan police have arrested ## local traders for allegedly stealing and selling food aid intended for victims of a searing drought that has put millions at risk of famine , officials said friday .
a bomb ripped through a car belonging to scandinavian truce monitors in sri lanka 's embattled eastern town of batticaloa saturday , but there were no casualties , police said .
a rembrandt portrait of st james is expected to be sold for about ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- at a dutch arts fair coinciding with the painter 's ###th birthday , organisers said friday .
chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing , on a whirlwind campaign to cement ties with west africa , arrived in the capital of mali friday for a ##-hour tour .
switzerland is beset by racism and xenophobia , and authorities are not doing enough to tackle the problem , a un human rights expert said friday after a fact-finding mission in the alpine nation .
albanian opposition leader edi rama said friday he had pressed libel charges against prime minister sali berisha who accused him of corruption and links with organized crime .
us assistant secretary of state for the western hemisphere tom shannon will represent the united states at bolivian president-elect evo morales 's january ## inauguration , the state department announced friday .
oscar-winning actress gwyneth paltrow has confirmed she is pregnant with her second baby , the syndicated us television show `` the insider '' said friday .
an al-qaeda linked organization claimed friday a suicide attack against a us army convoy in the restive iraqi town of fallujah , saying it killed some ten soldiers in the attack .
bolivian president-elect evo morales met with his brazilian counterpart friday on the latest stop of a world tour , as his vice president-elect said foreign oil companies in bolivia would have to renegotiate their contracts .
the files kept by the communist-era police on the founding father of poland 's solidarity trade union , lech walesa , are to be made public this year , a source close to walesa said friday .
voters in rwanda go to the polls next month to elect local and municipal leaders in the first elections to be held in the <unk> nation since a major jurisdictional realignment took effect at the new year , the electoral commission said friday .
french cosmetics group l'oreal , which posted a #.# percent increase in sales to ##,## billion euros -lrb- ##.## billion dollars -rrb- last year , on friday confirmed it had met growth forecasts due to a solid performance in north america and a resurgence in western europe .
former canadian football league most valuable player casey printers signed a three-year deal with the kansas city chiefs of the national football league on friday .
the euro zone will see modest growth of #.# percent in the first quarter this year , improving slightly to #.# percent in the second quarter , economists said friday .
guns n ' roses frontman axl rose has sued a car dealership over a series of allegedly failed deals to buy and sell lamborghini , porsche and ferrari sports cars , documents showed friday .
forward jussi jokinen has been named to replace tuomo ruutu in finland 's ice hockey squad for the #### winter olympics in turin .
fallen tycoon maurice `` hank '' greenberg lashed out friday at his former company aig , after the giant insurer was reported to be reaching a costly settlement with law enforcers over a fraud probe .
germany 's susi erdmann and anna dietrich won the fifth round of the women 's world cup bobsleigh championship here on friday .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko on friday vowed to push for a national referendum on controversial constitutional changes weakening his office in favor of parliament .
us stocks ended little changed friday as investors digested generally positive economic data but made no major moves ahead of a three-day holiday weekend .
the pentagon said the us military was not engaged in operations in a pakistani border area where ## people , including women and children , were reported killed friday in a missile strike .
a us team of influenza experts was set to travel to turkey to help local officials with the bird flu outbreak , health officials in washington said friday .
bath recovered from a first-half deficit to beat bourgoin ##-# on friday and book their place in the european cup quarter-finals .
part of san quentin prison remained locked down on friday after a dining hall riot that left ## inmates and a pair of guards injured , according to officials at the us prison .
bath recovered from a first-half deficit to beat bourgoin ##-# on friday and book their place in the european cup quarter-finals .
ireland 's transport ministry said on friday that it has begun an investigation into an incident on a ryanair flight as it prepared to land in rome last september .
representatives of the czech republic 's gypsy community friday demanded the government and police stop the far right national party from erecting its own `` monument '' at the site of a wwii camp where around ### gypsies died .
us officials on friday downplayed the impact of its veto of spain 's sale of military aircraft to venezuela that contain american parts .
us stocks limped to a flat finish friday as investors digested generally positive economic news and some key earnings warnings but made no major moves ahead of a three-day holiday weekend .
wall street 's mood remains upbeat after two positive weeks to open #### , even if the stunning rally to open #### has lost some momentum .
a galaxy of stars turned out friday to bid a final farewell to <unk> jazz and soul singer lou rawls as he was laid to rest at an emotional ceremony in los angeles .
us first lady laura bush predicted friday that the united states would soon have a woman running the white house , and wished that secretary of state condoleezza rice would be that person .
police in fort lauderdale , florida said friday they were investigating three brutal incidents in which a homeless man was killed and two others seriously wounded by attackers using what looked like baseball bats .
former us president bill clinton on friday backed british prime minister tony blair as a future secretary general of the united nations .
the united states offered its condolences friday to the families of more than ### muslim pilgrims killed in a stampede during the annual hajj pilgrimage in saudi arabia .
kenyon dooling and ray allen were suspended and fined by the national basketball association on friday , two days after they came to blows during a game in seattle .
diego corrales 's february # defense of his lightweight world title against bitter rival luis castillo is off after the champion was hurt in training .
britain 's influential finance minister gordon brown was to propose saturday that remembrance day , on november ## every year , be restyled to celebrate the virtues of `` britishness '' .
sudan 's foreign minister on friday dismissed a proposed un force in darfur , saying the money would be better spent on cash-strapped african union peacekeepers already in the troubled province .
if the cote d'ivoire are to avoid another boot camp punishment for a poor african nations cup like two years ago then didier drogba bears a heavy weight on his shoulders to avoid a repeat of that .
mick mccarthy insists his rock-bottom sunderland side can defeat champions chelsea on sunday and he does n't care if people fall about laughing at his confidence .
rena inoue and john baldwin pulled off their difficult throw triple axel to capture the pairs title at the us figure skating championships on friday and earn an olympic berth .
paparazzi armed with water pistols attacked australian actor heath ledger at the sydney premiere of his new movie `` brokeback mountain '' , saying it was payback for his previous bad manners .
australian test discard damien martyn has not yet given up hope of fighting his way back into the team for their upcoming tour of south africa .
left-wing firebrand george galloway will get to stay in the `` big brother '' house after prime-time viewers voted to eject a buxom blonde glamour model from the reality tv show instead .
pakistan is investigating reports that al-qaeda deputy leader ayman al-zawahiri may have died in a us air strike on a village near the afghan border , officials said saturday .
rena inoue and john baldwin landed a sensational throw triple axel and an olympic berth here friday as they captured the pairs title at the us figure skating championships .
finland 's jarkko nieminen won his first atp crown in quick time saturday , taking about an hour to beat croatian mario ancic #-# , #-# in the final of the new zealand open .
larry brown joined the elite group of coaches to amass #,### national basketball association victories on friday , thanks to his streaking new york knicks .
us health product giant johnson and johnson late friday agreed to pay more for troubled medical device maker guidant , raising its bid to for ##.# billion dollars in the face of a competing offer from a massachusetts-based rival .
teenager michelle wie missed the cut but salvaged some pride here on friday , as jim furyk and chad campbell grabbed the halfway lead at the sony open .
rena inoue and john baldwin landed a sensational throw triple axel and an olympic berth here friday as they captured the pairs title at the us figure skating championships .
chris webber had ## points and ## rebounds and a myriad of key plays here friday as the philadelphia ##ers subdued boston ###-### in a national basketball association triple overtime marathon .
teenager michelle wie missed the cut but salvaged some pride here on friday , as jim furyk and chad campbell grabbed the halfway lead at the sony open .
the judge presiding over the iraqi tribunal trying deposed dictator saddam hussein intends to stay in his job , iraqi judicial officials said saturday after a report suggested he might step down .
a powerful shiite leader said saturday iraq 's new government should reflect the results of last month 's general election rather than an undemocratic consensus between political parties .
serena williams has hit back at critics who say she is out of shape as she prepares to defend her australian open title , starting here on monday .
south africa 's injury woes worsened ahead of sunday 's tri-series clash with australia as seamer charl <unk> joined fast bowlers andre nel and makhaya ntini on the sidelines with a groin strain .
the us pointman for the middle east , david welch , was in beirut on saturday on what is being billed a visit of support for lebanon as former powerbroker syria becomes increasingly isolated by the international community .
seven miners were killed and five were seriously injured in a gas explosion at a mine in the southwestern romanian town of <unk> on saturday , the mine operators said .
australia , britain and canada are to reopen their embassies in jordan which have been closed for a week because of a terror alert , officials said .
women 's top seed lindsay davenport will open play on rod laver arena against australian wildcard casey dellacqua on the opening day of the australian open here on monday .
kenyan police said saturday they have arrested two people as part of an investigation into the murder of a british environmentalist and wildlife photographer .
four foreign oil workers began their fourth day of captivity on board a pirate boat hidden in the creeks of the niger delta jungle saturday as nigerian security forces tried to <unk> their release .
pakistan declared their first innings at ###-# before tea on the second day of the first cricket test against india here on saturday .
football association of ireland chief executive john delaney has called for republic of ireland fans to get firmly behind new manager steve staunton .
hundreds of villagers in southern china clashed with police after about #,### officers were sent to break up demonstrations against land <unk> , residents told afp saturday .
seven people suspected of recruiting volunteers in spain to fight in iraq were placed in temporary detention overnight friday ahead of facing charges and other legal proceedings , judicial sources said .
turkish government ministers and representatives of the poultry industry were holding talks here saturday to discuss ways of salvaging the sector which has been decimated by the bird flu outbreak .
the mayor of berlin , disappointed at the cancellation of the world cup gala by fifa , has suggested instead a party take place at the brandenburg gate .
the mayor of berlin , disappointed at the cancellation of the world cup gala by fifa , has suggested instead a party take place at the brandenburg gate .
croatia 's janica kostelic won the women 's world cup downhill here on saturday ahead of sweden 's nike bent and michaela dorfmeister of austria .
russia 's naval command on saturday ordered its black sea fleet to take control from ukraine of the yalta lighthouse , a contested outpost on ukraine 's crimean shore claimed by the rival neighbors .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad was giving a press conference on saturday with his country facing mounting pressure over its disputed nuclear program .
a person has been hospitalized in brussels with suspected bird flu , after visiting a region of turkey hit by the disease , belgian authorities said saturday .
reigning women 's world downhill champion janica kostelic of croatia won her first world cup event in the discipline here on saturday .
eight suspects in the killing of two americans in indonesia 's papua province more than three years ago were flown to jakarta for questioning saturday despite a protest against the move , their lawyer said .
iran will not be `` bullied '' by the west in a stand-off over its nuclear program , president mahmoud ahmadinejad said saturday .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad said saturday his country would not limit its disputed nuclear program even if ordered to do so by the un security council .
at least ## people were wounded in eastern afghanistan saturday when a bomb tore through a crowd of people celebrating the muslim festival of eid al-adha , police said .
france was attempting saturday to persuade egypt to allow passage through the suez canal of a decommissioned aircraft carrier which watchdogs charge is an environmental hazard .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad on saturday branded western supporters of israel as `` war criminals '' and vowed they would soon be tried in palestinian courts .
pakistan is to summon the us ambassador to the foreign office in protest at the deaths of ## people in an airstrike apparently targeting the deputy leader of al-qaeda , a senior official told afp saturday .
a suspected suicide car bomber slightly damaged a us military vehicle in insurgency-hit southern afghanistan , an official said saturday , as gunmen shot dead a former taliban commander .
a us marine shot in western iraq has died of his wounds , the us military said saturday .
daron rahlves of the united states won the men 's world cup downhill here on saturday ahead of austrian duo michael walchhofer and fritz strobl .
lassana diarra , touted as a long-term replacement for claude makelele , has been named in chelsea 's squad for the champions ' premier league match away to basement club sunderland on sunday .
south africa won the toss and elected to bowl first in their tri-series one-day cricket match against sri lanka at the brisbane cricket ground on tuesday .
felicity huffman won the golden globe award for best actress in a drama on monday for her role as a <unk> male <unk> in `` transamerica .
outfielders carlos beltran and bernie williams and first baseman carlos delgado headlined a list of ## players named monday to puerto rico 's team in the inaugural world baseball classic .
france 's amelie mauresmo held off a determined challenge from china 's sun tiantian to reach the second round of the australian open here tuesday .
tensions remained high tuesday in a southern chinese village where police violently quashed a protest over a government land grab , although there was no repeat of the unrest seen over the weekend .
philip seymour hoffman scooped up the golden globe award for best actor in a drama on monday , for his portrayal of the writer truman capote in the biopic `` capote .
the gay cowboy romance `` brokeback mountain '' won the coveted golden globe award for best dramatic film monday , cementing its position as the movie to beat at the oscars .
thailand 's fading star tamarine tanasugarn attributed her first round loss in the australian open tuesday to a left arm strain but insisted she would continue playing .
taiwan premier frank hsieh tuesday resigned to take responsibility for the ruling party 's defeat in december 's local elections .
oil prices rose in asian trade tuesday , supported by growing unease at the prospects of a confrontation with iran over its nuclear program , dealers said .
a powerful landmine exploded in sri lanka 's restive northeastern port district of trincomalee tuesday , wounding at least six sailors traveling in a bus , military officials said .
china national petroleum corp -lrb- cnpc -rrb- , the country 's largest oil group , plans to double its overseas business volume by #### as part of an ambitious growth strategy , a company statement said tuesday .
suspected tamil tiger rebels ambushed a navy bus in sri lanka 's restive northeastern port district of trincomalee tuesday by exploding a landmine and wounded seven people , military officials said .
indonesia 's vice president yusuf kalla left tuesday for kuwait to offer condolences over the death of the oil-rich state 's leader emir sheikh jaber al-ahmad al-sabah .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has allowed cnn to resume operating in the country after the american cable news network apologised for mistakenly quoting him saying tehran was seeking nuclear weapons , state radio reported tuesday .
fresh out of negotiations with the united auto workers on a potential deal to help his company emerge from bankruptcy protection , the chairman of auto parts supplier delphi corp. said monday that the union has recognized the changing face of the us auto industry .
the australian government 's own role in the alleged payment of huge bribes to saddam hussein 's iraq by national wheat exporter awb is under scrutiny , an official inquiry was told tuesday .
australia will consider a new report which suggests it could support a far greater number of skilled migrants when deciding on future <unk> , immigration minister amanda vanstone said tuesday .
cambodian prime minister hun sen will ask for the release on bail of four civic leaders jailed for defamation , after meeting with us assistant secretary of state christopher hill , a senior advisor said tuesday .
two buddhist thais , including a police officer , were shot dead by suspected islamic militants as the government extended emergency rule in the muslim south , police said tuesday .
australian share prices rose #.## percent tuesday for another record finish as bank and resources stocks continued a rally begun in the final stages of #### , dealers said .
kim clijsters , one of the favorites to win the australian open , overcame an injury scare to cruise through to the second round in straight sets tuesday .
a three-year-old boy suffering symptoms of bird flu died tuesday , days after his sister passed away and tested positive for the virus , a health official said .
australian share prices rose #.## percent tuesday for another record finish as bank and resources stocks continued a rally begun in the final stages of #### , dealers said .
sri lanka made ###-# off ## overs in their tri-series one-day international against south africa at the brisbane cricket ground on tuesday .
any hopes britain had of making an impact at the australian open disappeared tuesday with the failure of their new highly-touted star andy murray to get past the first round .
fans of taiwanese director ang lee expressed delight tuesday after he won a golden globe award and critics predicted a good showing for him at the upcoming oscars .
two people froze to death in moscow , officials said tuesday , as arctic cold from siberia descended on western russia , sending nightime temperatures to as low as minus ## c -lrb- minus ## f -rrb- and prompting warnings of power cuts to some businesses .
former us president george bush visited an earthquake survivors ' camp in islamabad tuesday after bad weather grounded flights to the worst-hit areas for a third straight day , officials said .
north korea on tuesday renewed its call to lift us financial sanctions on the stalinist state to pave the way for restarting stalled six-way nuclear disarmament talks .
chinese vice-premier huang ju has urged the government to retain majority control of the nation 's state-owned commercial banks amid growing concerns over the sell-off of strategic assets to foreign investors , state press reported tuesday .
five suspected al-qaeda militants , including one foreigner , were arrested in a raid on a hideout in riyadh where security forces discovered explosive materials , the interior ministry said tuesday .
a delegation of israeli atomic and security experts was to travel to moscow on tuesday to discuss iran 's nuclear program with russian officials , a source in the prime minister 's office said .
indian tennis sensation sania mirza , seeded ## , scored a comfortable first round victory at the australian open tuesday , maintaining the form that pushed her to new heights last year .
us vice president dick cheney and egyptian president hosni mubarak held talks tuesday in cairo to discuss regional developments and bilateral relations , an official at the presidency said .
australian third seed lleyton hewitt fought back to beat czech robin vik in a five-set thriller in the first round of the australian open tuesday .
hong kong gold prices closed higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to monday 's ###.##-### .## dollars .
the ##-month rate of inflation in germany slowed to #.# percent in december , meaning that inflation in the eurozone 's biggest economy averaged an annual #.# percent in #### as a whole , final data showed on tuesday .
the united nations tuesday asked sri lanka 's government and tamil tiger rebels to resume their stalled peace talks and said a return to war was not the answer to decades of ethnic conflict .
sri lanka produced a stunning form reversal tuesday but their tri-series limited overs match against south africa remained in the balance after reaching just ###-# on a perfect batting wicket .
a heavy police pressure in beijing ensured that no public commemorations were held tuesday on the first anniversary of the death of deposed chinese leader zhao ziyang , dissidents said .
hong kong share prices closed sharply lower tuesday , falling #.## percent as profit-taking pressure intensified in the afternoon after the japanese stock market tumbled #.# percent , dealers said .
dutch information technology consultancy getronics said on tuesday that it planned to sell its loss-making italian operations and issued a profit warning .
the number of people threatened by famine in drought-hit east africa has soared by about two million as conditions continue to deteriorate in ethiopia and kenya , officials said tuesday .
zimbabwean police are launching an international manhunt for a senior judge who may have fled to london after he was convicted of corruption , a state daily reported on tuesday .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- warned tuesday that risky behavior and ignorance remain prime dangers for humans at risk of contracting the bird flu , especially children .
tesco , the biggest retailer in britain , delivered on tuesday an ##.#-percent increase in sales over the crucial christmas trading period .
malaysia has sent back all thai muslims who were sheltering in the country , resolving a thorny bilateral issue , the country 's de facto law minister and its attorney-general said tuesday .
north korea on tuesday renewed its call on the united states to lift financial sanctions on the stalinist state to pave the way for restarting stalled six-way nuclear disarmament talks .
global oil demand could buck seasonal trends and remain strong in the second quarter of #### , the iea said on tuesday , warning that new developments in the oil market could compensate for a traditional fall in demand at the end of the northern hemisphere winter .
the european commission will increase its financial pledge to fight bird flu to ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- , a senior official said tuesday at a donors ' conference in beijing .
british publishing group pearson , owner of the financial times , said on tuesday that it expected to report `` significant '' growth in sales during #### , lifted by its key north american education market .
rescue workers on tuesday found the bodies of four people who were in a tourist plane that crashed in the alps late monday , police said .
china 's yan zi scored an upset victory over the ##th seeded nathalie dechy of france to secure a place in the second round of the australian open tuesday .
saeed <unk> , a member of the five-judge panel trying saddam hussein , will replace the chief judge , who has resigned , when the trial resumes next week , the main prosecutor in the case said tuesday .
hong kong share prices closed sharply lower tuesday , falling #.## percent as profit-taking pressure intensified in the afternoon after the japanese stock market tumbled #.# percent , dealers said .
european aircraft maker airbus said on tuesday that it had delivered more passenger planes than its arch-rival boeing last year and booked record firm orders exceeding #,### , taking ##.# percent of the world market .
south african investigators were tuesday preparing to seize millions of dollars in assets from the financial adviser of ex-deputy president jacob zuma who was sacked for graft and allegedly taking money from french defense giant thales .
world oil prices gained ground on tuesday , supported by growing unease about the prospect of a confrontation with iran over its nuclear plans , dealers said .
russian figure skating star yevgeny plushchenko will compete at this week 's european championships where he will defend his title , his coach alexei <unk> said tuesday .
the swiss pharmaceutical group roche said on tuesday that it would donate another batch of a key anti-flu drug to the world health organisation to treat an additional two million people in the event of a pandemic .
british ##-month inflation fell in december to #.# percent , official figures showed tuesday , hitting a government-set target for the first time in six months .
us hedge fund atticus capital , which controls stakes in both the pan-european stock exchange euronext and the german stock market deutsche boerse , said on tuesday it would welcome a friendly merger between the two companies .
the german press on tuesday hailed angela merkel 's frank talk about democracy on her first trip to russia as chancellor as a refreshing break with her predecessor gerhard schroeder 's chummy relationship with president vladimir putin .
martina hingis displayed her old killer instinct as she made a victorious return to the australian open tuesday , the scene of her greatest grand slam triumphs .
an austrian arbitration court ruled tuesday that five paintings by austrian art nouveau painter gustav klimt seized by the nazis should be returned to their owner 's family , a report said monday .
four civic leaders jailed for defamation in cambodia were freed on bail tuesday following weeks of international pressure on the government and after a visit by a senior us official .
iran will suspend its voluntary cooperation with the un 's atomic energy watchdog if referred to the security council over its disputed nuclear program , a senior official warned tuesday .
disruption in abidjan eased tuesday , a day after life in ivory coast 's main city was brought to a halt by protests against a plan to wind up the current parliament .
kiev and moscow stood firm tuesday on their latest dispute over navigation facilities on ukraine 's crimean coast where russia 's black sea fleet is based .
israel 's acting prime minister ehud olmert urged the european union on tuesday to pressure the palestinian authority to disarm hamas regardless of its performance in next week 's legislative election .
a repairman found a woman dead in the lift of her apartment block in the serbian capital belgrade at least ## days after it broke down , reports said tuesday .
damage caused by protesting <unk> to the eu parliament building in strasbourg is worth hundreds of thousands of euros -lrb- dollars -rrb- , the parliament 's press office said tuesday .
russia has banned british and german humanitarian groups from operating in the troubled north caucasus republic of ingushetia bordering war-torn chechnya , the russian prosecutor general 's office said on its website .
an uneasy calm returned to the southern somali port town of kismayo on tuesday after at least ## people died during two days of fierce fighting between rivals militias that control this lawless region , witnesses said .
indonesian police on tuesday questioned the widow of an american killed in papua province three years ago as part of an investigation into the attack , for which eight suspects have been detained .
the population of france including its overseas territories stood at ##.# million at the start of this year , ###,### more than the year before , according to an official census published tuesday .
sri lanka let their rivals know they were anything but a spent force in the tri-series limited overs cricket competition when they produced a stunning form reversal to humble south africa by ## runs here on tuesday .
egypt will allow sudanese asylum-seekers it had threatened with expulsion to remain in the country to have their cases reviewed by the un refugee agency , the presidency spokesman said tuesday .
a minority rights group fighting environmental pollution in nigeria 's oil region will set up its own negotiating team to work out its ##-year dispute with the anglo-dutch giant shell , it said tuesday .
hollywood 's `` memoirs of a geisha '' has china censors stumped , with officials and state press saying tuesday the film may be banned due to concerns it could rouse anti-japanese sentiments .
iraq 's outgoing president jalal talabani said tuesday he would seek a second term when the new parliament convenes following last month 's election .
newly sworn-in liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf has backed efforts to get tens of thousands of people driven into exile by years of civil war to come home , the un refugee agency said tuesday .
kenya will send a reduced team of ### athletes to the upcoming commonwealth games in australia , substantially reducing the size of previous squads , officials said tuesday .
indonesian police said tuesday they had recaptured a banker who fled to the united states in #### after being sentenced to eight years in jail for embezzling million of dollars in state funds .
scottish premier league high-flyers hearts on tuesday announced the signing of winger neil mccann from <unk> bringing him back to the club he quit seven years ago .
pakistan said tuesday that last week 's alleged us missile attack in its border area was aimed at foreign militants invited to a dinner and up to five of them were killed .
by the time he died at the age of ## , wolfgang amadeus mozart had composed some of the most beautiful and evocative music ever created before or since .
london premiership side charlton on tuesday announced they had signed striker marcus bent from everton for a fee which could reach #.# million pounds .
the pound slipped against major rivals tuesday on news that british ##-month inflation fell for the third straight month in december , pointing towards a possible rate cut , analysts said .
china said tuesday it hopes for a negotiated solution to iran 's nuclear program , after france , britain and germany called for the issue to be referred to the united nations ' atomic watchdog .
seven russian fishermen were killed and four were missing after a trawler sank tuesday in russia 's far east region , the emergencies ministry said .
the falun gong religious group on tuesday welcomed a spanish high court 's decision to take on a complaint of genocide against china 's former president jiang zemin and prime minister li peng over events in tibet .
the european union is the best prepared region in the world to combat bird flu with the process of stockpiling anti-viral drugs well advanced , its health commissioner said tuesday .
us vice president dick cheney flew in to riyadh on tuesday for talks with king abdullah on the middle east situation and cooperation against terrorism , saudi officials said .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo met tuesday with top security chiefs over violence in the oil-rich niger delta region that has halted around #.# percent of the country 's oil exports .
the united nations has temporarily closed its aid agency offices in southwestern pakistan for security reasons , officials said tuesday .
the european commission welcomed tuesday a deal between moldova and russia ending a standoff over the price of russian gas to the former soviet republic , and said it was sending experts there to study the situation .
liberia 's new president ellen sirleaf johnson has released a proposed partial cabinet list , offering a key portfolio to a former political rival and presidential aspirant .
four boys and two girls from benin destined to work as slave laborers in nigeria were rescued by police near the town of <unk> , a military source told afp on tuesday .
world oil prices hit the highest levels for over three months on tuesday , breaching ## dollars in new york and ## dollars in london , on rising geopolitical tensions in iran and nigeria , dealers said .
russian president vladmir putin has formally promulgated a new and hotly-disputed law placing restrictions on the activities of non-governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- , it was revealed tuesday .
german chancellor angela merkel on tuesday congratulated ellen johnson sirleaf after she was sworn as liberia 's first female president , becoming the first woman to lead an african country .
inflation in hungary nearly halved in #### to #.# percent compared with #.# percent in #### , the national statistics office ksh said on tuesday .
ireland pledged one million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in aid on tuesday to help developing countries respond to the threat of bird flu .
thousands of metalworkers blocked roads and railways across italy on tuesday as part of protests in support of new national work contracts .
south african allrounder jacques kallis is expected to be rushed home and may be in doubt for the start of the return one-day series against australia there in february and march , team captain graeme smith confirmed here tuesday .
the head of the ##-member council of europe tuesday condemned the execution in california of a ##-year-old blind and disabled prisoner .
a kazakh opposition leader freed after spending nearly four years in jail for alleged corruption said tuesday he hoped president nursultan nazarbayev would uphold promises of democratic reform .
afghan president hamid karzai will visit denmark at the end of this month as copenhagen prepares to more than double its troops stationed in afghanistan , prime minister anders fogh rasmussen said on tuesday .
egypt favors giving the african union -lrb- au -rrb- a chance to continue its peacekeeping mission in sudan 's troubled darfur , president hosni mubarak 's spokesman said tuesday .
greek prime minister costas karamanlis on tuesday said his government planned to revise the country 's constitution to improve political transparency , and limit greece 's massive student exodus to foreign universities .
irish prime minister bertie ahern , on a six-day india visit , said tuesday he would hold `` early '' talks with his british counterpart on restoring the northern ireland assembly and executive .
former england captain lawrence dallaglio has revealed he retired from test rugby ## months ago because of the coaching regime of world cup-winning chief sir clive woodward .
president hamid karzai tuesday condemned a suicide attack that killed ## people near afghanistan 's border with pakistan , saying residents of the frontier area were bearing the brunt of `` terrorism '' .
iran has written to britain , france and germany asking for new talks in their nuclear standoff , an iranian official said tuesday , amid efforts by the eu-# to refer tehran to the un security council .
the port services directive , the target of a strike and protests by european dock workers this week , is aimed at opening europe 's ports up to competition .
the united states mission in taiwan announced tuesday that its chief douglas h. paal is to leave the post after three and a half years .
the jury of next month 's berlin film festival will include a bollywood producer , a renowned polish cinematographer and the husband of iceland 's pop pixie bjork , organizers said tuesday .
boston scientific on tuesday raised its offer for rival medical device maker guidant to ## billion dollars as a bidding war intensified .
ukraine demanded on tuesday that russia withdraw a dredging ship that kiev says is illegally operating in disputed waters in the sea of azov , amid a separate row with moscow over <unk> facilities in crimea .
israel 's acting prime minister ehud olmert said tuesday he hopes to open peace negotiations with palestinian leader mahmud abbas after the two sides hold elections .
prosecutors in the mammoth war crimes case of slobodan milosevic have asked the court to order that the former yugoslav president 's trial continue if he is again absent from court due to ill health , documents released tuesday showed .
turkey 's justice minister cemil cicek on tuesday formally asked the appeals court to overturn a decision to release mehmet ali agca , the man who shot pope john paul ii , the anatolia news agency reported .
wales coach mike ruddock called up four new faces as he announced tuesday the squad which the injury-stricken six nations grand slam champions hope will defend their title this season .
a senior british official on tuesday dismissed iranian offers to resume talks on their nuclear program with the european union group of britain , france and germany as `` vacuous '' .
separatist warlord mujahid dokubo-asari , on trial in nigeria for treason , lashed out at president olusegun obasanjo before appearing in court tuesday , calling him a `` dictator and a murderer .
french conglomerate vivendi universal said on tuesday that it planned to abandon a listing of its shares on the new york stock exchange .
a child under treatment in eastern turkey has tested positive for bird flu , becoming the ##st person to be infected with the disease in the country , including four adolescents already dead , the health ministry said tuesday .
us industrial production rose a healthy #.# percent in december as the rate of factory use hit a five-year high , the federal reserve said tuesday .
britain is to relax the law against brothels , allowing up to three people to work inside the premises at any one time , under government proposals unveiled tuesday .
a civil liberties group filed a federal lawsuit tuesday against president george w. bush , challenging his right to authorize a domestic eavesdropping program without judicial warrants .
at least ## people have died of measles in the last five months in southeastern and eastern ethiopia and there are fears the outbreaks could spread as a severe drought currently ravaging the regions continues to bite , the un children 's agency said tuesday .
almaty mayor imangali tasmagambetov said on tuesday he was optimistic that his city would win its bid to host the #### winter olympics .
the european commission stressed tuesday that euros banknotes and coins to be issued in latvia from #### should be marked `` euro '' and not `` <unk> '' , contrary to what the government wishes .
germany 's #### olympic champion in the high bar , andreas wecker , has sold his gold medal on the internet for the princely sum of ##.## euros , a newspaper here reported tuesday .
the white house tuesday expressed no apparent regrets over the us airstrike aimed at al-qaeda number two ayman al-zawahiri , which missed its target and killed several civilians in pakistan friday .
qualifying for this summer 's british open gets underway on wednesday with the first of the five international final qualifying events at royal johannesburg and kensington .
for the first time in its near ###-year history , dublin 's croke park is to stage ireland football and rugby internationals , it was announced here tuesday .
a football association disciplinary commission hearing tuesday rejected manchester united 's claim that cristiano ronaldo was wrongfully dismissed in last weekend 's defeat at manchester city .
president viktor yushchenko will attend a parliament session this week to face rebellious lawmakers who voted to sack his government , a vote denounced by yushchenko as unconstitutional , his office said tuesday .
german bank hypovereinsbank -lrb- hvb -rrb- said tuesday it had agreed to sell a further #.## billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- worth of bad property loans to goldman sachs for an undisclosed sum .
world cup organisers on tuesday called for german consumer protection watchdog stiftung <unk> to revise its report warning of `` serious deficiencies '' in security at four of the ## stadiums to be used during the football finals starting in june .
a spokesman for the cable news network -lrb- cnn -rrb- said tuesday the network was pleased that iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has allowed it to resume operating in the country .
drought has forced kenyan wildlife authorities to indefinitely put off the resumption of a massive elephant transfer billed as `` the single largest <unk> of animals ever undertaken since noah 's ark , '' officials said tuesday .
aston villa manager david o'leary accused england coach sven-goran eriksson tuesday of unacceptable behavior after the swede appeared to suggest to an undercover reporter he should replace him at the english premiership side after the world cup .
some #,### german medical practices on tuesday kept their doors shut as a nationwide strike by doctors in demand of higher salaries entered its second day , the national doctors ' lobby -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said .
a high-profile italian left-wing intellectual jailed for ## years over the murder of a police chief has been allowed to convalesce at home after an emergency operation , his family said on tuesday .
the trial on contempt of court charges of croatia 's former intelligence chief and a journalist who together allegedly outed a protected defense witness opened tuesday at the un war crimes tribunal .
six russian soldiers were listed killed and five others wounded after a series of rebel attacks in the restive caucasian province of chechnya , an official from the pro-moscow administration told afp on tuesday .
a hemophiliac from gaza city who has the aids virus has been denied entry by the army for treatment in israel on three occasions despite warnings by doctors that his life is in danger , medics said tuesday .
ireland captain brian o'driscoll and lock paul o'connell were both included tuesday by coach eddie o'sullivan in his ##-man squad for the upcoming six nations championship after missing the november test campaign through injury .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier will cut short a trip to the middle east this week to answer to reports that berlin covertly shared sensitive intelligence with the united states during the iraq war , a spokeswoman said tuesday .
internet search leader google said tuesday it had agreed to buy <unk> broadcasting inc. , a developer of digital advertising technology for radio , for ### million dollars .
an egyptian rights group tuesday called on the united states to investigate the case of a detainee who had a leg amputated the us military base of guantanamo bay in cuba .
the european union 's current austrian presidency called tuesday for the creation of emergency gas reserves to make up for possible shortages after the flow was crimped during a recent russia-ukraine dispute .
marks and spencer , the british clothing-to-food retailer , announced tuesday the purchase of ## retail outlets from rival iceland foods for ## million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars , ## million euros -rrb- .
a spanish judge on tuesday ruled to extend for two more years a ban on batasuna , the political wing of armed basque separatist group eta , judicial sources said .
a majority of canadians would welcome the election of a conservative government on january ## after ## years of liberal rule , according to a poll tuesday .
iranian acting foreign minister mehdi mostafavi is to hold talks in south africa on wednesday that are to touch on tehran 's disputed nuclear program , the foreign ministry said .
us president george w. bush and visiting belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt on tuesday said they had discussed key elections in the democratic republic of congo and hoped they would take place as scheduled .
thousands of fish have been found dead in the river elbe in the czech republic after a cyanide spill from a chemical factory , environmental officials said tuesday .
golden oldies stole the show at the european figure skating championships here on tuesday as ukrainian veterans elena <unk> and ruslan goncharov took the ice dance lead after the compulsory dance .
leeds outside-half gordon ross has earned a recall in scotland 's ##-man rugby squad , named on tuedsay , on the back of recent good club performances for the english premiership side .
three ethnic albanians in macedonia were on tuesday given heavy prison sentences , one in absentia , after a court in the capital skopje found them guilty of terrorism , a court official said .
separatist warlord mujahid dokubo-asari , on trial in nigeria for treason , tuesday warned anglo-dutch oil giant shell and other foreign oil companies to leave southern oil-rich <unk> or face action by the ijaw people .
the british stockbroker collins stewart <unk> on tuesday accepted libel damages of ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### euros , ###,### dollars -rrb- from the financial times business newspaper over allegations concerning its business practices .
a zimbabwean opposition lawmaker and seven supporters , detained for breaching electoral laws during local council polls at the weekend , were released on bail on tuesday , their lawyer said .
a leading press freedom watchdog on tuesday denounced threats by armed men on a journalist working with a rwandan opposition newspaper ordering him to stop writing articles critical of the ruling party .
the french government on tuesday unveiled a raft of measures aimed at increasing the rate of employment among <unk> , after taking similar steps to get more young people into work .
bulgaria aims to work with turkey to combat a bird flu outbreak that has claimed four lives there , prime minister sergei stanishev said on tuesday .
seattle seahawks starting offensive right tackle sean locklear was being held without bail in the king county jail here tuesday for suspicion of domestic violence assault .
saudi arabia has backed down on barring women from attending an international football match with sweden in riyadh this week after its decision caused uproar in the scandinavian country , the swedish football association said on tuesday .
belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt said tuesday after talks with us president george w. bush that it was `` absolutely necessary '' for europe and the united states to form a common front on iran 's nuclear program .
new england patriots assistant coach eric mangini was named coach of the new york jets here tuesday , becoming the youngest head coach in the national football league two days before his ##th birthday .
the treason case of ## opposition activists who allegedly fire-bombed government offices in swaziland was postponed tuesday because the accused were not taken to court to attend the hearing .
un chief kofi annan on tuesday demanded an immediate end to what he called the continuing `` orchestrated violence '' directed against the united nations and the population in ivory coast .
fifteen azerbaijani refugees faced a second night in arctic temperatures on a moscow street tuesday after being ejected from a hotel where they had been staying since #### , rights workers said .
the european commission hailed tuesday the success of an open door policy pursued by three eu countries -- britain , ireland and sweden -- towards jobseekers from new eu states since the bloc 's #### `` big bang '' expansion two years ago .
russia said tuesday it was buying a british robot submarine of the type that last year helped rescue seven of its sailors stranded on the seabed .
the stock exchanges of vienna and belgrade signed a deal tuesday that will see the two bourses cooperate on derivatives trading and data exchange , the wiener boerse said in statement in the austrian capital .
italian carrier alitalia announced tuesday it was canceling ## flights , most of them on international routes , because of a strike set for thursday by flight attendants protesting a restructuring plan .
the eu would deal a painful blow to vietnam if brussels slaps anti-dumping measures on vietnamese shoe producers , a top official from the country warned tuesday , seeking a `` win-win '' solution to the trade conflict .
britain would find it `` difficult '' to commit more than the ### extra troops it will send to afghanistan when it takes charge of nato operations there in may , a senior defense official said tuesday .
six-times champion stephen hendry was knocked out of the masters snooker tournament at wembley here on tuesday after a shock second defeat to fellow scot alan mcmanus .
a moldovan court on tuesday sentenced former defense minister valery pasat to ## years in prison for abuse of his office .
bosnia 's ruling croat , muslim and serb nationalists share the blame for widespread human rights violations in the country , a rights group said tuesday .
the catholic church in lithuania tuesday condemned beer-making company <unk> <unk> for using a picture of jesus christ wearing earphones to advertise its products .
crime levels are dropping in spain and are below the european union average , following an overall fall of #.# percent in #### , the interior ministry said tuesday .
imf chief rodrigo rato appealed tuesday for international donors to dig deep to avert famine in east africa where millions are said to be at risk of food shortages .
the mayor of berlin , disappointed at the cancellation of the world cup gala by fifa , has said a party will take place instead at the brandenburg gate .
the united states on tuesday once again put pressure on romania to allow us couples to adopt romanian children , despite a #### moratorium on foreign adoptions that was requested by the european union .
the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- have warned india against withdrawing from the champions trophy one-day tournament and altering agreed tour programs .
the remains of ## people have been uncovered near the iraqi holy shiite city , where a number of mass graves have been found since the fall of saddam hussein in #### , security sources said .
the ivorian popular front , party of president laurent gbagbo , announced tuesday it was quitting the current peace process and a transitional government led by prime minister charles konan banny .
italy 's interior minister giuseppe pisanu expressed serious concern over continuing illegal immigration from libya in talks tuesday with libyan leader moamer kadhafi , the goverment said in a statement here .
us first lady laura bush arrived in the nigerian capital abuja tuesday as part of an african tour which has taken her to liberia and ghana , officials said .
authorities tuesday denied bail to two teenagers charged with murder and aggravated assault for allegedly beating homeless men in florida but released another youth suspected in one of the three attacks .
the united states could be drawn into hostilities with north korea if it widens its sanctions on the nuclear-armed communist regime , a former south korean minister warned tuesday .
cyprus president tassos papadopoulos said tuesday he was ready to resume peace talks with the turkish cypriots to end the three-decade division of the island `` tomorrow '' if invited by un chief kofi annan .
us president george w. bush will meet with polish president lech kaczynski in washington on february # for talks on issues such as iraq and afghanistan , the white house announced tuesday .
the winner of the #### best actress oscar , `` million dollar baby '' star hilary swank , is to present an academy award at this year 's ceremony , organisers announced on tuesday .
shortstop adam everett signed a one-year deal worth #.# million dollars to remain with the houston astros here tuesday as major league baseball clubs made final deals to avoid contract arbitration .
former hearts chairman wallace mercer has died aged ## following a short battle with cancer , it was announced here tuesday .
the government of british prime minister tony blair suffered another setback tuesday when the upper house of parliament , the lords , rejected its plans for a new offense of `` glorifying '' acts of terrorism .
the white house on tuesday downplayed risks of tensions between us president george w. bush and chile 's new president , socialist michelle bachelet , over her left-of-center economic plans .
the unrest in ivory coast has raised fears that it could spill over and <unk> the fragile peace in neighbouring liberia , whose new president just took office , international donors said tuesday .
malta 's maritime authority on tuesday formally opened a full inquiry into the sinking of a french trawler believed to have collided with a maltese chemical tanker , a spokeman said .
luton manager mike newell is to meet with football association -lrb- fa -rrb- officials on wednesday regarding his recent allegations that transfer ` bungs ' remain common practice within english football .
the original `` uncle tom 's cabin '' , made famous in the renowned ##th-century novel of slavery , was sold to a suburban washington county for one million dollars , local officials said tuesday .
the european court of human rights on tuesday found finland guilty of breaching freedom of expression in two cases concerning the seizure of anti-fur coat leaflets .
the eu would deal a painful blow to vietnam if brussels slaps anti-dumping measures on vietnamese shoe producers , a vietnamese deputy warned tuesday , seeking a `` win-win '' solution .
italian lawmakers have accepted a ## percent pay cut to respond to the country 's economic problems , according to a joint statement issued tuesday , nearly three months before parliamentary elections .
st etienne 's tunisia international <unk> yahia , called up as a last-minute replacement in the african nations cup , will not be allowed to go to egypt , the french first division club said on tuesday .
us regulators tuesday endorsed the notion of sweeping new rules to increase disclosure to stockholders on executives ' pay and the perks they enjoy .
marseille 's senegal international striker mamadou niang has been injured while preparing for the african nations cup in egypt , marseille 's sporting director jose anigo said on tuesday .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday welcomed the release on bail of four leading human rights activists who had been jailed in cambodia for defamation .
an international investigation is making progress in seeking to end centuries of arguments over the true origins of christopher columbus , the head of the project said tuesday .
hyundai motor america replaced its chief executive officer tuesday following a year of rapid sales growth and expansion for the south korean automaker .
six people drowned late tuesday in russia 's volga region when the ice broke under a minibus that was crossing a frozen river near the city of nizhny novgorod , the russian news agencies reported , citing emergency ministry officials .
brazil 's plans to start enriching uranium for its two nuclear power plants have been stalled by budgetary and scheduling glitches , officials said tuesday .
marco andretti , the ##-year-old grandson of former formula one and indy-car champion mario andretti , has passed his indy racing league rookie test , race series officials announced tuesday .
computing giant international business machines corp. said tuesday its fourth-quarter profit rose ## percent from the year before to #.# billion dollars .
a tunisian cleric who was deported from germany last year because of suspected links with terrorist organizations has asked for asylum in britain , the german authorities said on tuesday .
renault boss flavio briatore said on tuesday mclaren-mercedes lacked respect in announcing the arrival of reigning formula one world champion fernando alonso at their team from the #### season .
costa rican authorities said on tuesday two us citizens had died in a plane crash near the <unk> volcano on sunday .
a dentist in britain has been barred from the profession after letting her fiancee , who had no training , treat more than ### patients who suffered at his hands , medical officials said tuesday .
spanish officials on tuesday renewed criticism of washington 's refusal to allow spain to sell planes to venezuela using us technology , saying other countries ' bilateral problems should not affect madrid .
the family of jill carroll , a us woman journalist abducted in iraq , issued an emotional appeal monday for her release after her captors threatened her with execution .
leroy lita 's hat-trick inspired championship leaders reading to come from #-# behind and knock premiership side west brom out of the fa cup #-# after extra-time in a thrilling third round replay at the madejski stadium on tuesday .
nice shot into the semi-finals of the french league cup on tuesday after winning #-# against bordeaux who had not lost a match in all competitions for more than a month .
the un security council on tuesday slammed the latest terrorist attacks in afghanistan , including one which killed a canadian diplomat , and looked forward to an upcoming aid conference to fund the next stage of afghan reconstruction .
a planned us diplomatic mission to ease border tensions between eritrea and ethiopia was `` in flux '' amid a report that asmara was refusing to receive it , a senior us official said tuesday .
the mexican government said tuesday it had asked the us state of texas to investigate the weekend death of a mexican migrant who was apparently shot by an american law enforcement agent .
australian manufacturers have won back the right to call their sheepskin boots <unk> -- short for ugly or smelly -- after a bizarre dispute with a us company .
the un security council on tuesday held impromptu consultations on the mounting unrest in ivory coast as un officials voiced concern about what they saw as `` orchestrated violence '' to protest a proposed disbanding of parliament .
the us government has introduced new technologies to facilitate visa processing and ensure that the united states remains a welcoming country , secretary of state condoleezza rice said tuesday .
leo blair , named in the press wednesday as the target of a kidnap plot by extremist fathers ' rights campaigners , is the youngest son of british prime minister tony blair and his wife , cherie .
ole gunnar solskjaer has admitted manchester united 's #-# derby defeat last weekend against manchester city was not good enough but the norway striker said brooding on the loss would not help the club bounce back .
australia 's rate of economic growth should improve in #### on the back of increased mining capacity and strong global demand for commodities , a leading bank said wednesday .
hong kong gold prices opened lower wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
world number one lindsay davenport survived a second round scare at the australian open wednesday to overcome unseeded croatian karolina sprem .
if anyone thought a new teen brigade was knocking on roger federer 's door , they can think again .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent lower wednesday following falls on wall street overnight and another huge drop in the japanese market , dealers said .
croatia 's seventh seed ivan ljubicic ground out a straight sets victory over german philipp kohlschreiber to advance to the third round of the australian open wednesday .
`` matrix '' movie star laurence fishburne was sued tuesday by his former personal assistant who claims the actor sacked her because she fell pregnant , court documents showed .
us internet portal yahoo said tuesday that its fourth-quarter gross profit rose ## percent from the prior year to ### million dollars -lrb- us -rrb- .
americans might finally be figuring out what this world cup football thing is all about .
tajikistan 's gdp grew by #.# percent last year , down almost four percentage points from #### , the former soviet republic 's deputy economy and trade minister , <unk> <unk> , said late tuesday .
world number one lindsay davenport wobbled into the australian open third round wednesday , but the men 's seeds had no such trouble booking their berths .
un secretary general kofi annan warned wednesday the world was not yet ready to combat a bird flu pandemic , as he called for a `` tremendous effort '' in stepping up preparations .
barcelona superstar samuel eto'o heads a glittering array of talent in egypt for the #### african nations cup .
an impressive ##-player squad that included alex rodriguez was announced by the dominican republic for the first world baseball classic , major league baseball announced here tuesday .
the assembly for the mexican state of baja california declared movie star california governor arnold schwarzenegger `` persona non grata '' on tuesday over his stance towards mexican immigrants working in the united states .
a thai court wednesday sentenced two fishermen to death for the `` inhuman '' rape and murder of a ##-year-old british tourist on new year 's day .
phil mickelson begins the #### us pga tour season here wednesday at the ##-hole bob hope classic with hopes of claiming a major championship for the third year in a row .
a ##-year-old man has been shot dead in the latest unrest in thailand 's muslim-majority south , police said wednesday , as a small bomb injured three soldiers .
india 's third largest software exporter , wipro , said wednesday its third quarter net profit rose ## percent on continued growth for its outsourcing services .
south korea 's giant tobacco and ginseng group kt&amp;g said wednesday it would resist pressure from billionaire us investor carl icahn to take measures to raise its share price .
the queen mary ii , the world 's largest cruise ship , was forced to return to port near miami tuesday , because of engine trouble , after it possibly collided with a submerged object , the cruise line said .
the tokyo stock exchange said wednesday it was considering suspending trade in all shares to prevent a system crash due to heavy trading prompted by allegations of fraud at internet firm livedoor .
asian players made a steady start in their drive to bring doubles grand slam glory to the region wednesday , with at least three pairings into the second round .
belgian eighth seed justine henin-hardenne received an easy passage into the australian open third round wednesday against an opponent struggling with a twisted ankle .
two journalists in eastern china have been sentenced to up to ## years in jail for publishing an unauthorized magazine that exposed local land disputes , a court official said wednesday .
hong kong share prices finished the wednesday morning session #.## percent lower , following falls on wall street overnight and another huge drop in the japanese market , dealers said .
japanese shares dived by almost five percent in early afternoon deals wednesday on concerns about a probe into internet trailblazer livedoor and the exchange 's ability to cope with heavy volumes .
sixth seed nadia petrova kept the wheels turning on the russian caravan wednesday , rolling into the third round of the australian open with a straight sets <unk> .
defending champion serena williams defied predictions she would be unable to cope with the melbourne park heat to power through the second round of the australian open wednesday .
alex rodriguez will play for the united states in the world baseball classic , changing his mind about sitting out the ##-team global showdown but snubbing a dominican republic team he once planned to join .
israeli troops arrested ## palestinian activists in the west bank overnight , a military spokesman said wednesday .
an indonesian man whose two children died of suspected bird flu has been hospitalised suffering symptoms of the virus , a health ministry official said wednesday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday as a massive sell-off in tokyo sparked heavy losses across the region , with local investors opting to take profits after a record breaking run , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed sharply lower in nervous trade wednesday , dropping #.## percent with sentiment first hit by wall street 's losses overnight then dragged down further by a massive slump in tokyo , dealers said .
uzbekistan has decided to join the eurasian economic community -lrb- eurasec -rrb- , a group that brings together russia , belarus and three central asian republics , the official uzbek news agency <unk> said wednesday , quoting president islam karimov .
parliament in kazakhstan on wednesday unanimously backed president nursultan nazarbayev 's nomination of danial akhmetov , a ##-year-old engineer and economist , to stay on as the central asian state 's prime minister .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday in turbulent trade with foreign investors heavily unloading it and financial stocks to take profits , dealers said .
australia was due to begin formal negotiations with china wednesday over the export of uranium for the asian giant 's nuclear power plants , including safeguards against its use in weapons .
british medical weekly the lancet is to hold its first-ever asian conference on bird flu to discuss ways to combat a potential global pandemic , organisers said wednesday .
american second seed andy roddick served his way into the third round of the australian open wednesday , beating south african wesley moodie .
united nations helicopters resumed vital relief flights to quake-hit parts of pakistan wednesday after being suspended for four days by heavy rain and snow , officials said .
doctors treating israeli prime minister ariel sharon successfully changed a respiratory tube wednesday which had been inserted during his recent tracheotomy , after it developed a technical problem .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday as a massive sell-off in tokyo sparked heavy losses across the region , with local investors opting to take profits after a record breaking run , dealers said .
westfield , the world 's largest shopping center owner , apologised to a disabled melbourne man wednesday after he was forced to crawl to his car because security guards at one of its malls denied him use of a borrowed wheelchair .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday in turbulent trade with foreign investors heavily unloading it and financial stocks to take profits , dealers said .
un experts warned wednesday the consequences could be `` catastrophic '' should bird flu spread to africa , as many countries on the continent are ill-equipped and unprepared to deal with the disease .
israel 's acting prime minister ehud olmert is expected to expand and reshuffle the government at a rare midweek cabinet meeting wednesday .
australian wheat exporter awb , under investigation over bribes paid to saddam hussein 's iraq , was in more trouble wednesday after being accused of issuing a possibly misleading statement to the stock exchange to protect its plunging share price .
judges at india 's busiest courthouse have ordered new delhi 's municipal authorities to rid the bustling complex of monkeys or face serious action .
hong kong gold prices closed lower wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared to tuesday 's ###.##-### .## dollars .
hong kong 's second airline dragonair said wednesday it flew a record number of passengers in #### with cargo volume also at all-time highs .
the french current account deficit widened #.# percent in november to #.### billion euros -lrb- five billion dollars -rrb- from october , the finance ministry reported wednesday .
pakistani investigators said wednesday they had found two empty graves at the site of a controversial us airstrike , a day after officials said up to five foreign militants died in the attack .
european stock markets mainly weakened in opening deals on wednesday , after tokyo was forced to shut early for the first time ever , with london 's ftse ### index flat at #,###.# points .
the chief us envoy on the north korean nuclear issue , christopher hill , paid a quick visit to beijing wednesday , the us embassy said , just hours after kim jong-il reportedly left the chinese capital .
britain 's foreign office on wednesday thanked the thai authorities for finding the two fishermen who raped and murdered a british student , but insisted it opposed their death sentence .
this year 's australian open will host its first grudge match thursday when lleyton hewitt meets argentina 's juan ignacio chela , who was fined for spitting at the third seed in the #### event .
at least ## zimbabweans were feared dead after they were swept away in a flooded river while trying to swim to neighbouring south africa , an official told afp wednesday .
a girl has died in iraqi kurdistan after showing symptoms of avian flu , even though initial tests proved negative , and officials said wednesday they had sent samples to jordan for further checks .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday as investors were unnerved by another huge drop on the japanese market sparked by a probe into internet favorite livedoor , dealers said .
italian police said they had arrested ## people in a swoop early wednesday against an <unk> gang believed responsible for a spate of murders and robberies in the venice region .
staff for a khmer rouge tribunal will be able to begin work with the handover wednesday of military buildings to be used as the courtroom and offices , as the long-stalled trial begins to take form .
spain 's leading electricity utility endesa , battling a hostile takeover bid by gas natural , wednesday reported record net earnings of #.## billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in #### , a gain of ### percent over #### .
mobile phone giant sony ericsson on wednesday posted better than expected fourth quarter profits but disappointed slightly on its sales figures .
the united states will donate ### million dollars to help in the global fight against bird flu , the senior us delegate to an international donors ' conference on the virus said wednesday .
asia 's number two player wang yeu-tzuoo says the region needs to improve facilities available to its promising youngsters if it wants men to find success on the tennis circuit .
sabmiller , the world 's second-biggest brewer , reported on wednesday an #.#-percent rise in beer sales during the third quarter of its ####-#### financial year , compared with the same period a year earlier .
supporters of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo maintained barricades in abidjan wednesday , bringing the west african country 's main city to a halt for the third straight day .
vietnam 's ruling communist party on wednesday ended a preparatory meeting for its upcoming five-yearly congress after fierce debates over candidates for top posts , sources said .
more than #,### afghans demonstrated near the border with pakistan wednesday , accusing the neighbouring country of supporting attackers behind a suicide blast that killed ## people .
benfica 's international striker nuno gomes has been fined ### euros -lrb- ### dollars -rrb- for making a gesture with his hand deemed offensive during a first division match against sporting braga in november .
the european commission has given the new liberian government ## million dollars -lrb- ##.# million euros -rrb- to start pumping water and bring electricity to the war ravaged west african country .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday as investors were unnerved by another huge drop on the japanese market sparked by a probe into internet favorite livedoor , dealers said .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas said wednesday he was ready to sit down for peace talks with israeli acting prime minister ehud olmert as soon as possible .
powerchip semiconductor corp , a leading memory chip maker in taiwan , said wednesday it is taking over a <unk> plant from another local company <unk> international co for #.# billion taiwan dollars -lrb- ###.# million us -rrb- .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday , pressured by a massive sell-off in the japanese market , which closed early for the first time ever , dealers said .
switzerland 's stock exchange on wednesday announced that it had launched an investigation of biotechnology and pharmaceuticals firm serono over a possible breach of disclosure rules .
northern europe have condemned `` in the strongest terms '' attacks on their observers monitoring a ceasefire between the sri lankan government and tamil tiger rebels , the norwegian foreign ministry said late tuesday .
bosnian serb police launched an operation wednesday to track down fugitives wanted by the un war crimes tribunal , the government said .
eurozone industrial output grew more strongly than expected in november , by #.# percent over one month and #.# percent over a year , according to figures published wednesday by the eu data agency eurostat .
pope benedict xvi 's long-awaited first encyclical , likely to set the tone for his papacy , will be published on january ## , he told pilgrims at his weekly general audience on wednesday .
american james blake wednesday joined a growing chorus of dissenters against the rebound ace hardcourts at the australian open , saying the surface was notorious for foot and ankle injuries .
bosnian serb police launched an operation wednesday to capture top war crimes fugitive ratko mladic , an official said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday , pressured by a massive sell-off in the japanese market , which closed early for the first time ever , dealers said .
china wednesday pledged to boost foreign aid after the traditional aid recipient last year gave more than ## million dollars in its largest ever single disbursement to victims of the asian tsunami .
aspirin significantly reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in women and men , but in different ways , according to a study published wednesday in the journal of the american medical association .
outraged wildlife activists on wednesday claimed ` threatened ' species were on a list of ### exotic wild animals that kenya plans to send to a zoo in thailand , urging president mwai kibaki to reconsider the deal that would certainly dent kenya 's tourism sector .
the european union 's highest court was urged by its top legal counsel wednesday to rule against ireland in a long-running dispute over a british nuclear reprocessing plant which dublin wants closed .
michael owen should be concentrating on his recovery from a broken foot .
an early election in poland can be avoided if the minority conservative government can find coalition allies and muster enough support to pass its #### budget , prime minister kazimierz marcinkiewicz said wednesday .
the yen advanced against the dollar on wednesday , winning back ground lost in asian trading amid stock market turmoil in japan and ahead of key us data , dealers said .
british unemployment rose for the ##th month running in december , official data showed on wednesday , adding to the case for an interest rate cut , analysts said .
former portuguese prime minister anibal cavaco silva 's lead ahead of the presidential election on sunday is slipping but he still has more than the ## percent voter support needed to avoid a run-off , two polls published wednesday showed .
fatah faces an unprecedented threat to its long stranglehold on power at next week 's palestinian election , brought on by internal party divisions and the rise of the islamists of hamas .
north korean leader kim jong-il vowed at a summit with chinese president hu jintao to pursue six-way nuclear disarmament talks , despite obstacles , pyongyang 's state media said wednesday .
eu lawmakers on wednesday rejected plans to free up europe 's port services , in a vote two days after protestors brought docks to a standstill and staged violent demonstrations outside the european parliament .
england 's premiership clubs and rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- are close to resolving a club-versus-country feud that had threatened to end in a divisive and expensive court battle .
the bird flu virus could spill over to africa and europe in the spring , aided by the movement of people , animals and migratory birds , a top official of the un food agency told the international bird flu conference in beijing on wednesday .
clashes wednesday between supporters of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo and bangladeshi un peacekeepers at a united nations base killed at least three ivorians , military sources said .
india has ordered pollution watchdogs to check if an asbestos-laden french warship set to enter its waters contains more than permissible limits of the hazardous material , officials said wednesday .
portugal and china have agreed to set up distribution hubs for each other 's products as part of an effort to boost trade between the two nations , the head of portugal 's export promotion body <unk> said wednesday .
moscow said on tuesday it was studying a request by former yugoslav president and genocide suspect slobodan milosevic , who suffers from high blood pressure , to have medical treatment in a russian cardiology center .
a turkish woman infected with bird flu has complained that she is being <unk> by her husband and <unk> , fearful that she may infect them with the lethal virus , press reports said wednesday .
large quantities of radioactive produce still reach market stalls in moscow from western russia and belarus , almost ## years after the nuclear accident at chernobyl , a local official told afp on wednesday .
the european union 's austrian presidency voiced confidence wedneseday it can strike a deal with eu lawmakers on the bloc 's budget , despite a vote overwhelmingly rejecting the current version .
former bosnian serb military leader ratko mladic who has been on the run since he was indicted for genocide by the un war crimes court here in #### is hiding in serbia and not in bosnia where a big police operation was taking place wednesday to catch him , according to un prosecutor carla del ponte .
italy 's industry minister claudio scajola has called a crisis meeting with italy 's leading energy providers to discuss gas supplies , the ministry said in a statement wednesday .
france rejected on wednesday an iranian proposal to resume talks with europe over its contested atomic program , saying tehran must first return to a full suspension of sensitive nuclear activities .
tareq aziz , the iraqi foreign minister under saddam hussein , wants temporary asylum in croatia if he is freed for medical treatment , the foreign ministry here said wednesday .
the transit through the suez canal of an old <unk> french warship could be delayed until the end of the month by the egyptian parliament which has demanded a review of the case .
west ham striker bobby zamora has signed a contract extension at the east london club till #### , the english premiership side said on wednesday .
the northern spanish city of bilbao is to distribute ##,### plastic pocket ashtrays to encourage people not to drop cigarette stubs in the streets following the introduction earlier this month of a law banning smoking in the workplace , officials said wednesday .
a ##-year-old woman has died of bird flu in china , the sixth fatal victim of the h#n# virus , the health ministry said wednesday .
stalinist north korea confirmed wednesday that its reclusive leader kim jong-il had paid an unannounced visit to china and said he had vowed to pursue nuclear disarmament talks during a summit with president hu jintao .
malawi on wednesday said it was investigating reports that one of its nationals was kidnapped in iraq after gunmen ambushed a convoy carrying workers of a mobile telephone firm convoy in a baghdad tunnel .
international organizations leading a funding drive that raised #.# billion dollars to fight bird flu said wednesday donor countries would demand transparency from recipient countries .
the european parliament set up a temporary committee wednesday to investigate claims that the united states central intelligence agency operated secret prisons on the continent .
scotland 's main opposition party published a dossier on wednesday implicating firms in helping what it alleged were us flights transporting terror suspects through scottish airports .
the annual meeting of global political and business leaders at the world economic forum next week will focus heavily on economic and financial issues , and the accelerating growth of china and india , the organisers said wednesday .
several investigations were launched on wednesday into the conduct of a norwegian mouth cancer specialist accused of fabricating research data that was published in a major international scientific magazine .
the flagship of ireland 's navy is to visit three south american countries and attend celebrations commemorating an emigrant who founded the argentinian navy , defense minister willie o'dea said wednesday .
a ugandan magistrate has summoned the wife of opposition leader kizza besigye and a lawmaker to answer charges of libel and giving false information that allegedly implicated president yoweri museveni in bribing court officials , an official document showed wednesday .
world cup winner lawrence dallaglio won a return to the international scene on wednesday when he was named in england 's six nations training squad .
sierra leone and china have signed a military aid deal to have a chinese team train officers in the west african country to use seagoing patrol boats given by beijing , state radio reported wednesday .
the leader of israel 's labor party amir peretz on wednesday veiled what he called a `` perfect team '' of candidates to run for parliament in the country 's march general election .
a ##-year-old american online gaming fan broadcast his suicide on a bulgarian internet forum , bulgaria 's <unk> news agency reported on wednesday .
chen jin , the ##-year-old chinese player who caused a surprise by winning his first big title , the german open on sunday , immediately caused another by upsetting the seedings on the first day of the all-england open .
two contingents of bangladeshi un troops on wednesday pulled out of two towns in western ivory coast after clashes with protesters there claimed four lives in the morning , military sources said .
an iranian man convicted of killing his ex-wife 's new husband and the man 's sister as well as his own two children in a pickaxe frenzy was hanged on wednesday .
slovakia 's zigmund palffy , who plays on the right wing with the pittsburgh penguins in the north american nhl , has decided to retire following persistant shoulder pains , the slovak press reported on wednesday .
american airlines parent company amr said wednesday its fourth-quarter loss widened to ### million dollars , due to one-time charges .
un secretary general kofi annan has named brazilian general jose <unk> carvalho <unk> to head the un force in haiti , after his predecessor committed suicide , officials here said .
the un mission in liberia has started closely monitoring the border with ivory coast fearing unrest there could spill over and spoil the fragile peace in liberia , the un chief said wednesday .
music lovers here are awaiting with bated breath a production of mozart 's `` don giovanni '' being directed in great secrecy by austrian filmmaker michael haneke in his first foray into the world of opera .
india , after two days of peace talks with nuclear rival pakistan , on wednesday accused islamabad of not doing enough to stem the flow of islamic militants into the disputed state of kashmir .
us banking giant jp morgan chase on wednesday reported a ## percent increase in fourth-quarter profit as investment banking and retail strength compensated for lacklustre trading results .
south korean president roh moo-hyun said wednesday his country needs to strike a free trade pact with the united states , calling market opening `` an irreversible trend '' .
human rights watch wednesday blasted china for its dismal rights record , saying it leads the world in executions , and lamented a lack of basic workers ' rights in the communist country .
us counter-terrorism policies , with their deliberate use of `` torture and mistreatment , '' put the global defense of human rights on the back foot in #### , human rights watch said in its annual report wednesday .
north korea continues to be one of the most repressive countries in the world with its citizens lacking even basic civil freedoms , human rights watch said in its annual report .
a small greek island off the turkish coast on wednesday moved to cull its ###-strong poultry population as a `` precaution '' against the bird flu that has already killed four people in the neighbouring country , local authorities said .
the european helicopter manufacturer eurocopter reported wednesday a surge in sales in #### and said that revenues would grow by another ## percent this year .
swedish prime minister goeran persson on wednesday said he saw no reason for higher interest rates , two days before the swedish central bank meets to discuss a possible rate move .
canada 's annual inflation rate hit #.# percent in december , pushed up from two percent in november by gasoline prices , statistics canada announced wednesday .
us carrier maxjet airways , which touts itself as the industry 's first low-fare <unk> airline , said wednesday it would start <unk> flights in march .
the price of cocoa climbed to a fresh ten-month high point here on wednesday as a political crisis deepened in major producer ivory coast .
oscar winner julia roberts has proved her box-office <unk> extends from screen to stage , by pulling in more than seven million dollars in advance ticket sales for her coming broadway debut .
the european commission has rejected a study critical of regulation of the cacao industry in the ivory coast , an official said wednesday .
austrian chancellor and new eu leader wolfgang schuessel stressed wednesday the need for turkey to fully implement a customs deal with the eu , including letting cyprus use its ports and airports .
the florida supreme court has rejected a claim that lethal injection causes undue pain , and denied a motion to postpone the scheduled execution of a convicted murderer .
the red cross has pulled out of a conflict-ridden region of congo after attacks on its staff , an official said wednesday .
reeling from a widening scandal that threatens to topple several members of the us congress , lawmakers this week proposed stringent anti-corruption measures , in hopes of limiting the political fallout .
the united states and the european union on wednesday rebuffed an iranian call for new talks on their nuclear dispute and said they were moving ahead to refer tehran to the un security council .
ajax 's south african midfielder steven pienaar has joined borussia dortmund from next season on a three-year contract , the german first division club said on wednesday .
the white house on wednesday dismissed criticism from human rights watch of what the watchdog group called `` torture and mistreatment '' by the united states in the global war on terrorism .
ex-us president jimmy carter and former leaders from european countries will lead a delegation to monitor the january ## palestinian legislative council elections , the carter center announced wednesday .
a bomb scare at a busy west coast canada-us border crossing prompted its closure for several hours tuesday night , canadian officials announced wednesday .
a five-year-old turkish boy in critical condition with bird flu at the hospital in this eastern city stands a better chance of survival wednesday , the doctor treating him said .
italy will play a friendly world cup warm-up match against germany at the <unk> <unk> stadium in florence , the italian football federation said on wednesday .
the us coast guard on wednesday searched for three crew members of a tugboat that sank as it towed an oil barge , which was also missing off the north carolina coast .
the economy of energy-rich turkmenistan expanded by ##.# percent in #### , official statistics , viewed as unreliable by international standards , showed on wednesday .
kenya 's economic growth will lag behind those of uganda and tanzania owing to the prolonged drought that has put millions people in the country at risk of famine , an investment firm predicted on wednesday .
injury-plagued south africa suffered another major blow here wednesday when all-rounder jacques kallis was sent home to try and recover from a niggling elbow injury .
fifa president sepp blatter said here on wednesday he personally favored having six african nations at the #### world cup , which would mean one extra team .
european union lawmakers approved new rules wednesday to improve the safety of bathing waters around europe , notably clarifying information to swimmers on how to avoid risks .
ukraine , which transports most of russia 's european gas exports via pipelines , confirmed on wednesday that moscow had decreased volumes compared with previous days , but said they still respected contractual obligations .
in the third dispute between moscow and kiev in as many weeks , russia on wednesday ordered the suspension of meat imports from ukraine saying that the meat was of poor quality and endangered consumers ' health .
the us government wednesday slapped financial sanctions on syria 's military spy chief , a brother-in-law to president bashar al-assad , for fostering terrorism and meddling in lebanon .
former motorcycling world champion max biaggi , who was left without a ride for this season 's motogp championship after losing his place with honda , tested for the midland formula # team at silverstone on wednesday .
`` snow cake '' starring sigourney weaver as an autistic woman and alan rickman as her tormented friend will open the ##th berlin film festival next month , organizers said wednesday .
clutching their tickets tight , gamers in nine european countries will be holding out for a chance to win a record jackpot of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in friday 's euro millions lottery .
between #,### and #,### iraqis are killed every month , rendering `` ridiculous '' us president george w. bush 's estimate of about ##,### civilian casualties since the start of the war , veteran british journalist robert fisk said wednesday .
a czech border town has decided to put up two <unk> road signs , with red lips on a white background , telling drivers where prostitution is permitted , town spokesman milan vrbata said wednesday .
an eu lawmaker insisted on speaking catalan in the european parliament on wednesday , apparently seeking to make a point even though virtually no one could understand him .
an offensive by troops in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- against militia armies in the volatile east has driven ###,### people from their homes , the un mission in drc -lrb- monuc -rrb- said wednesday .
a second spanish military official faced punishment by the army after publicly expressing concern on wednesday over regional autonomy in spain .
british prime minister tony blair rejected demands wednesday by his political opponents to reconsider his controversial plans to introduce identity cards .
the european commission said wednesday it was hammering out an agreement with the european investment bank -lrb- eib -rrb- on setting up a fund for infrastructure projects in africa .
russian gas production will remain stable in #### at ### billion cubic metres -lrb- ##.### trillion cubic feet -rrb- , while oil production is set to increase by #.# percent , the head of the russian energy agency said on wednesday .
the us supreme court on wednesday said an appeals court had been wrong to invalidate a new hampshire state law requiring minors to notify a parent before obtaining an abortion .
nasa on wednesday postponed launching its first-ever mission to pluto for at least ## hours , delaying for a second day the voyage to the solar system 's most remote planet .
the german government on wednesday adopted a bill to give tax breaks to families in a bid to boost the country 's declining birth rate and at the same time encourage mothers back to work .
fifa president sepp blatter shrugged off criticism of safety standards at this summer 's world cup stadiums insisting that the problems `` are not very important '' .
the world trade organisation is set to open to the public its hearings in the eu-us battle over billions of dollars in aid for aircraft giants boeing and airbus , officials said wednesday .
publishing house harper collins said wednesday it had struck a deal with former cia director george tenet for a `` candid and compelling '' account of his lengthy term in office .
six iraqi women detainees are to be freed soon following a review of their case , a justice ministry official said wednesday , as the captors of a us woman journalist demanded all female prisoners be freed .
the explosion of a large asteroid some #.# million years ago showered the earth with so much dust that the planet 's climate system may have cooled , a study published on thursday says .
supporters of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo commandeered state television wednesday to call for bigger demonstrations and the departure of foreign peacekeepers from the country .
a fugitive greek judge accused of corruption was arrested in paris on wednesday following a police hunt lasting several months , the greek interior ministry said .
jerry bailey , who has ridden six triple crown winners and has the most victories of any jockey in breeders ' cup history , announced wednesday he will retire for a television commentary job .
a palestinian man was killed accidentally in southern gaza on wednesday when gunmen opened fire at a campaign rally for the ruling fatah party ahead of next week 's election , witnesses and medics said .
paraguayan international striker julio gonzalez , who plays for italian second division club vicenza , has had his left arm amputated after being seriously injured in a car crash in italy .
lawyers for former yugoslav president and genocide suspect slobodan milosevic renewed a request for his provisional <unk> on health grounds at the un war crimes court here wednesday .
poland 's constitutional court wednesday ordered the release of a journalist jailed for libelling a civil servant in a case that sparked a wave of protest from international media rights groups .
an alleged former boss of colombia 's cali drug cartel was set to appear before a judge in miami wednesday after surrendering to us agents in panama to face drug trafficking and money laundering charges .
english veteran jimmy white , who was masters champion in #### , was a pale shadow of his old self as he crashed out of this year 's edition losing #-# to scotland 's john higgins on wednesday .
thierry henry said he would welcome highly-rated teenage striker theo walcott should he join arsenal in preference to london rivals chelsea .
kenya has consolidated its precautions against an influenza pandemic triggered by bird flu should the deadly disease spread to africa , a continent where un experts warn that it will have `` catastrophic '' consequences .
dallas cowboys assistant coach sean payton was named coach of the national football league 's new orleans saints here wednesday , charged to revive a losing team .
the estonian parliament will start debating ratification of the european union constitution next month , in an attempt to persuade other countries to back the treaty , officials said wednesday .
the white house on wednesday for the first time named a syrian official as having `` directly contributed '' to support for the insurgency in iraq , as the united states moved to freeze his assets .
ten days after greece was rocked by a <unk> earthquake felt across the eastern mediterranean , a prominent seismic safety expert warned wednesday that greek factories and industrial buildings suffer from widespread safety deficiencies .
two soldiers were killed and ## officers were injured in the latest clashes with separatist rebels in russia 's war-torn province of chechnya , an official from the pro-moscow administration there said wednesday .
another outbreak of bird flu has been confirmed on ukraine 's southern peninsula of crimea , a regional government official said wednesday .
zimbabwe cricket lurched into another crisis on wednesday when the zimbabwe cricket -lrb- zc -rrb- union suspended its national team from test matches for the rest of the year .
former us child star brad renfro , who starred at the age of ## alongside tommy lee jones and susan sarandon in `` the client , '' on wednesday pleaded innocent to attempted heroin possession .
<unk> , a hemophilia treatment by danish firm novo nordisk , may have caused ## deaths in the united states as well as cardiovascular complications , according to a study published wednesday in the journal of the american medical association -lrb- jama -rrb- .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo was meeting late wednesday with his ivory coast counterpart laurent gbagbo and the head of the transition government , prime minister charles konan banny , afp reported .
a tunisian facing extradition to spain over his alleged involvement in the september ## , #### attacks in the united states wednesday asked a british appeal court to annul the decision on medical grounds .
a california judge handed down maximum prison sentences on wednesday to a couple who tried to squeeze money out of wendy 's restaurant chain by planting a finger in a bowl of chili .
south korean foreign minister ban ki-moon called on kofi annan here wednesday amid speculation that he planned to run to succeed the ghanaian un secretary general whose second term expires late this year .
the united states will take ### diplomatic posts from washington and europe this year and move them to emerging nations such as india and china , secretary of state condoleezza rice said wednesday .
former ####s teen heartthrob leif garrett was charged wednesday with heroin possession after being arrested for alleged drug violations and subway fare evasion , authorities said .
three people were feared dead wednesday after clashes between factions of an ethnic militia group in nigeria 's economic capital lagos but police confirmed only one death .
us president george w. bush and german chancellor angela merkel discussed iran 's nuclear program by telephone on wednesday , according to white house spokesman scott mcclellan .
the troubled russian oil group yukos said wednesday that it had been hit by a new tax bill equivalent to #.# billion dollars for #### .
a british court wednesday sent to jail a man who advertised his girlfriend 's services as a prostitute after they split up .
last year 's best actor oscar winner jamie foxx will present a golden statuette at the #### academy awards ceremony , organisers said wednesday .
british foreign secretary jack straw will be snubbed by president tassos papadopoulos if he travels to the breakaway north of the divided island when he visits cyprus next week , officials said wednesday .
former us president gerald ford is out of bed and should be released from a california hospital where he is being treated for pneumonia within ## hours , his office said wednesday .
russia 's tatiana totmianina and maxim marinin won their fifth straight pairs title at the european figure skating championship here on wednesday .
a court in turkey on wednesday ordered the temporary release of a soldier accused of killing a demonstrator and injuring five others during riots in a kurdish region in november , the anatolia news agency reported .
zimbabwe striker benjamin mwaruwari will help english premiership strugglers portsmouth this weekend before dashing to egypt for the african nations cup .
undefeated brazilian <unk> pereira will fight thailand 's <unk> <unk> here friday in a ##-round bout for the vacant international boxing federation featherweight title .
ireland vowed wednesday to continue its battle to have britain 's sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant closed down , despite a european union legal setback .
african football supremo issa hayatou has defended the timing of the african nations cup despite protests from many european clubs .
the us army said wednesday it has raised its maximum enlistment age from ## to ## years old and is doubling maximum signing up bonuses to ##,### dollars .
australia midfielder tim cahill showed no mercy for his old team-mates as he struck the goal that put everton into the fourth round of the fa cup at the expense of former club millwall on wednesday .
the dollar traded mostly lower wednesday as traders scaled back us interest rate expectations in the face of softer than expected us inflation data and hints from the federal reserve that inflation is cooling .
a former salvadoran congressman was sentenced wednesday to ## years in prison after a us court found him guilty of drug trafficking .
a regional affiliate of china eastern airlines has ordered five ##-seat jets from a <unk> aircraft manufacturer , officials said wednesday .
the pittsburgh pirates avoided arbitration with kip wells on wednesday , signing the right-handed hurler to a one-year deal worth #.## <unk> dollars .
real madrid 's new signing antonio cassano opened his scoring account for his new side by coming off the bench to hit the only goal in the #-# spanish cup quarter-final first leg win at real betis on wednesday .
the british government appeared to be uncertain about the number of us `` rendition '' flights through british airspace , according to a leaked document to be published thursday .
pop icon michael jackson , who last year beat child sex charges , has been cleared of mistreating the menagerie of wild animals at his <unk> neverland ranch , us officials said wednesday .
a leading us-based islamic rights group on wednesday announced it was sending representatives to baghdad seeking the release of jill carroll , the us journalist abducted in iraq .
a us mission to resolve a territorial dispute between ethiopia and eritrea will be shortened because eritrean authorities refused to accept the envoy , the state department said wednesday .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo and prime minister charles konan banny called late wednesday for their compatriots to end the street violence which has brought chaos to abidjan and go back to work .
staff at an ontario brewery believe they have an insight into who will be elected prime minister when canadians vote monday after launching new beers with the effigy of party leaders on the labels and counting sales of each to predict the outcome .
the tokyo stock market rallied in early deals thursday a day after a scandal rocking one of japan 's top internet firms forced it to close early for the first time following an avalanche of sell orders .
a chilean judge , who is probing secret bank accounts held by former dictator augusto pinochet , ordered pinochet 's book collection to be seized wednesday , judicial sources said .
former double champions leicester insist they will go for the win when they face clermont auvergne despite just needing a point to make sure of their place on the european cup quarter-finals .
the united states urged an appeals court wednesday to reject a petition seeking quick action on the detention of two ethnic uighur muslims from china held at the us `` war on terror '' prison in guantanamo bay , cuba .
indian tennis star sania mirza failed to live up to expectations thursday when she was dumped out of the australian open second round by michaela krajicek of the netherlands .
the norwegian helsinki committee , a leading human rights watchdog , wednesday has given its #### award to the head of belarus rights group <unk> -lrb- spring -rrb- , one of the authoritarian former soviet republic 's most prominent non-governmental organizations .
british home secretary charles clarke is expected to rule out upgrading the classification of cannabis later thursday , despite new concerns about the drug 's possible side-effects .
pat perez was on fire in the desert on wednesday , shooting a sizzling ## to seize a three-shot lead in the first round of the bob hope chrysler classic .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent higher thursday on continued interest in china stocks , with sentiment also helped by a rebound in the japanese market after heavy losses wednesday , dealers said .
russian fifth seed nikolay davydenko progressed to the third round of the australian open with a four-set win over american kevin kim thursday .
the dollar was slightly firmer against major currencies in asian trade thursday as dealers , cautious after turmoil on the tokyo stock market , refocused on economic fundamentals .
the top us military chief for the pacific will meet new zealand prime minister helen clark and defense minister phil goff friday despite the strained military relationship between the two countries .
moscow 's <unk> last year consolidated its position as the russian capital 's busiest airport , with overall traffic at ##,###,### passengers up ##.# percent from #### , the management said in a statement late wednesday .
oil prices were slightly firmer in asian trade thursday on persistent concerns over real and potential supply problems in key producers iran and nigeria , dealers said .
the us and the eu vowed to hold iran to account for its disputed nuclear program but tehran warned that it would stop cooperating with un inspectors if a decision is taken to refer it to the un security council .
world number one roger federer had few problems downing german florian mayer in straight sets to advance to the third round of the australian open thursday .
nobu , the trendy chain of <unk> restaurants , is to open a branch in hong kong .
the return of point guard steve francis did the trick for the orlando magic on wednesday , as they snapped a four-game skid with a ###-## national basketball association win over washington .
amnesty international on thursday expressed concern about the speedy trial of two thai men who were sentenced to death for the rape and murder of a ##-year-old british tourist .
south korea on thursday said it had doubled its annual budget for economic and humanitarian aid to north korea despite pyongyang 's boycott of six-party talks on ending its nuclear weapons drive .
microsoft corp will invest about ### million dollars annually over the next three to five years in china , the world 's second largest internet market with ### million users , state press reported thursday .
superstar dirk nowitzki scored ## points to lead the dallas mavericks past the injury-plagued houston rockets wednesday in the national basketball association .
the indonesia military used starvation and sexual violence as weapons to control the restive province of east timor during a ##-year occupation that caused the deaths of up to ###,### civilians , according to a un report cited thursday by the australian newspaper .
the boston red sox signed reliever julian tavarez on wednesday , continuing moves to strengthen one of their biggest weaknesses of the last baseball season .
pakistan is investigating the identities of three al-qaeda militants reportedly killed in a us airstrike , including the son-in-law of the network 's number two ayman al-zawahiri , a minister said thursday .
second seed kim clijsters shook off the pain of a lingering hip injury to advance to the australian open third round thursday .
hong kong share prices finished the thursday morning session #.## percent higher on continued interest in china stocks , with sentiment helped by a rebound in the japanese market , dealers said .
india 's largest domestic carrier , jet airways , has bought out rival sahara airlines in the biggest merger deal in the country 's booming aviation industry , a jet official said thursday .
australian batsman simon katich has been ruled out of the upcoming tri-series limited overs clash with south africa after suffering an injury at training here thursday .
sri lanka 's parliament thursday extended by a further month the state of emergency it declared five months ago despite protests by minority tamil legislators .
french number three seed amelie mauresmo overcame a stuttering start to tame france 's emilie loit and move into the third round of the australian open thursday .
woodside petroleum , australia 's largest publicly traded oil and gas producer , on thursday reported record revenues of #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- in #### , up ## percent from the previous year on the back of soaring oil prices .
the chicago bulls outlasted the new york knicks ###-### on wednesday in an overtime clash that saw a fight on the floor and knicks forward antonio davis ejected for a foray into the stands .
cleveland 's lebron james just missed a triple-double , but his biggest miss of the night was a late free throw that saw denver post a ##-## national basketball association victory over the cavaliers .
spring airlines , a privately owned carrier aiming to tap china 's budget travel market , has partnered with pioneering malaysian low-cost carrier airasia , state press reported thursday .
a former vice chairman at china 's agricultural development bank , a major state policy lender , has been jailed for life for accepting ### million yuan -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in bribes , state press said thursday .
veteran opener sanath jayasuriya has returned to sri lanka 's squad for the remaining triangular series matches in australia after recovering from a shoulder injury , the selectors announced thursday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday , recouping a good portion of the previous days losses thanks to strong interest in resource stocks , dealers said .
international media rights groups condemned china thursday over a recent string of actions aimed at curbing press freedoms , including the shutting down of ## publications and the jailing of writers .
south african business tycoon anton rupert , who regularly figured in the forbes list of the world 's wealthiest people , has died at the age of ## , <unk> radio reported thursday .
a lao-american couple who said they were royalty have been shot dead during a visit to thailand , police said thursday .
tests carried out by indonesian health authorities have shown that a child who died earlier this week was infected with the bird flu virus as suspected , a health official said thursday .
us oil retailer caltex -lrb- philippines -rrb- inc. was absolved of liability thursday by the philippines ' <unk> court for the world 's worst peacetime marine disaster in #### , court officials said .
more than ## million children in bangladesh will be vaccinated next month in the world 's largest measles vaccination campaign , officials said thursday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday , recouping a good portion of the previous day 's losses thanks to strong interest in resource stocks , dealers said .
the head of lebanon 's fundamentalist hezbollah movement said that missing israeli airman ron arad was probably dead , although he had no proof .
fifth seed mary pierce crashed out of the australian open second round thursday when she failed to find the sizzling comeback form that swept her to two grand slam finals last year .
south africa has called for continued negotiations to resolve a dispute over iran 's nuclear program following a us and european union threat to hold tehran to account before the un security council .
hong kong gold prices closed higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared to wednesday 's ###.##-### .## dollars .
german producer prices , the price of goods at the factory gate , soared by an annual average #.# percent in #### , the fastest increase in ## years , data showed on thursday .
hong kong share prices closed sharply higher thursday , rising #.## percent as blue chips and china-related stocks attracted interest on the back of strong fund inflows , dealers said .
australia will bring in two new players for their return tri-series limited-overs clash with south africa here on friday , naming opener phil jaques and bowler brett <unk> in the team .
more than half israeli jews would be willing to <unk> jerusalem and hand over the city 's arab eastern sector to the palestinians in exchange for a final peace agreement , a poll showed thursday .
supporters of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo paralysed the country 's economic capital , abidjan , for a fourth day running on thursday , despite calls from gbagbo for them to end their protest and return to work .
calm returned to global stock markets on thursday , with european exchanges bouncing back in opening deals as japanese shares closed sharply higher after plunging the day before , dealers said .
swiss pharmaceutical giant novartis on thursday announced a ## percent increase in full-year #### profit , reaching #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion euros -rrb- .
at least ## people were killed , including a police reservist , and dozens wounded in weekend livestock raids on two villages in drought-stricken northern kenya by nomads from neighboring ethiopia and sudan , police said thursday .
dutch electronics giant philips announced friday that it had agreed to buy us personal emergency response services company lifeline systems .
zimbabwean and south african police were searching for as many as ## zimbabweans feared drowned after trying to swim across a flooded river to illegally enter south africa , a newspaper said thursday .
pakistan has started to rebuild clinics destroyed by october 's huge earthquake as harsh winter weather fuels fears of disease outbreaks , officials said thursday .
the london stock exchange board on thursday repeated it rejection of australian investment group macquarie bank 's hostile bid for the biggest equity market in europe .
indonesia 's supreme court has reinstated an original ##-year jail sentence imposed on australian schapelle corby for drug smuggling after it was earlier reduced to ## years , a court official said thursday .
german airline lufthansa said thursday that it exceeded its target for full-year operating profit this year thanks to good passenger traffic business at the end of the year .
zimbabwe 's decision to suspend its test status for the rest of the year has given india and pakistan a chance to firm up plans for a lucrative one-day series later this year .
china called thursday for `` restraint and patience '' on the increasingly tense iranian nuclear standoff , insisting dialogue and diplomacy were still a good way to resolve the issue .
next month 's myanmar open golf tournament has been postponed until later in the year after a scheduling clash , asian tour officials said on thursday .
malaysian foreign minister syed hamid albar said thursday he has yet to secure a date from myanmar 's military junta for his planned visit to press for democratic reforms .
three georgian seamen have died of suffocation aboard an oil vessel at sea off nigeria , police said thursday .
the swiss food giant nestle claimed thursday it had achieved `` clear global leadership '' in ice cream , seizing a ##.# percent share of the world market following its acquisition of the us firm in #### .
nineteen suspected palestinian militants on an israeli army wanted list were detained overnight in the occupied west bank , a military spokesman said thursday .
malaysia on thursday dumped a plan to allow mobile phones in schools after the move sparked an outcry from both teachers and parents .
the us national institute of allergy and infectious diseases -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said it has stopped an international study on intermittent aids treatment because it increased health risks to patients .
china 's bird flu surveillance methods were again under the spotlight on thursday after it was revealed the latest human h#n# fatality occurred in an area where no outbreak among poultry had been reported .
the sven-goran eriksson controversy involving an undercover reporter took a new twist as wigan chairman dave whelan called for the england manager to be sacked .
eurozone inflation continued a recent decline in december , easing to #.# percent from #.# percent in november , the eu 's eurostat data agency said thursday .
the number of tourists who traveled to egypt increased by six percent in #### despite a string of deadly attacks over the past ## months , the top-selling state-owned daily al-ahram reported thursday .
world oil prices rose thursday ahead of the weekly us energy stockpile report , expected to reflect <unk> weather during the northern hemisphere winter months , dealers said .
supporters of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo on thursday ignored his call for an end to violent protests , manning roadblocks , throwing rocks at the un headquarters and paralyzing abidjan for the fourth day .
stuart pearce has scotched talk of him succeeding sven-goran eriksson as england manager though manchester city boss did not go as far as ruling himself out of the job completely .
a senior us diplomat arrived here thursday on a curtailed mediation mission intended to ease border tensions and help avert a potential new war between arch-rivals ethiopia and eritrea after asmara snubbed her plans to visit .
director ang lee returned to his native taiwan to a hero 's welcome thursday after winning a golden globe award for his latest movie `` brokeback mountain '' .
sale sharks forward magnus lund , who has made a rapid rise since his club debut three years ago , said his england call up was `` a dream come true .
the french consumer products group bic said thursday that group sales jumped by #.# percent to #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- last year , owing to stronger demand for its throwaway ballpoint pens , razors and cigarette lighters .
a magpie robin which was found dead in hong kong has tested positive for the h#n# strain of bird flu , the government said thursday .
swedish insurer skandia , which has been pursued by old mutual for four months as a takeover target , on thursday gracefully bowed to the inevitable and called a shareholder meeting to facilitate the takeover .
the eurozone booked a trade deficit of #.# billion euros in november after a surplus of #.# billion euros in october , the eu 's eurostat data agency said thursday .
iraq 's main sunni arab party called thursday for the release of us journalist jill carroll after her captors had threatened to kill her if iraqi women prisoners are not freed .
the european central bank said thursday it would continue to monitor `` very closely '' possible inflationary dangers in the ##-country eurozone amid market expectations of a further rise in <unk> interest rates in the near future .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- has briefed parties to the darfur peace talks on the concerns of the un security council over the slow progress in negotiations , a spokesman said thursday .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad on thursday began a two-day visit to syria , tehran 's only regional ally , as both countries struggle to fend off increasing international pressure .
calm returned to global stock markets on thursday , with european exchanges recouping losses as japanese shares closed sharply higher after plunging the day before , dealers said .
senior envoys from the united states , north korea and china have held a `` beneficial '' meeting here on the stalled six-party talks on pyongyang 's nuclear program , the foreign ministry said thursday .
iran again warned western nations thursday they risked sparking an oil crisis if economic sanctions were imposed on tehran over its nuclear activities .
the european union pressed israel thursday to ensure free movement of voters ahead of next week 's landmark palestinian elections , while also urging palestinians to clamp down on any unrest .
former rangers striker kenny miller was on thursday snapped up by scottish giants celtic to become one of the few post-war players to have played for both sides of the old firm .
british police have handed in their report into the fatal shooting of a brazilian man whom they wrongly suspected of being a suicide bomber , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- said thursday .
china slammed a human rights group 's report criticizing the country for its dismal human rights record , saying the group that wrote the report was `` seriously biased .
up to ##,### people could die in belgium if a bird flu pandemic were to hit the country 's human population , authorities warned thursday .
the dollar made slight gains against the euro and yen on thursday before a batch of economic releases from the united states , dealers said .
hamas , the islamist faction behind most of the attacks on israel over the last five years , looks to the ballot box next week to increase its influence on the future direction of palestinian policy .
the italian trade deficit surged to #.### billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in november from ### million in october and came to #.## billion euros for the first ## months of #### , an ##-year high , the national statistics institute said thursday .
three bomb attacks thursday that wounded at least ## people shattered a brief lull in violence in sri lanka 's embattled northeastern regions , military officials said .
media and entertainment giant walt disney company is in discussions to buy pixar animation studios in a transaction that would make pixar chairman and ceo steve jobs the largest individual shareholder in disney , the wall street journal said friday .
the iranian government warned the west on thursday that sanctions over its controversial nuclear program could provoke a world oil crisis , as france 's top diplomat pressed russia to support tougher measures against iran .
suspected tamil tiger rebels set off a powerful landmine in eastern sri lanka thursday , killing at least four people and wounding ## , the military said .
consumer prices in ireland fell to #.# percent in december on a ##-month basis , down from #.# percent the previous month , official figures showed thursday .
<unk> of documents detailing the repressions carried out by general francisco franco 's forces in catalonia during spain 's ####-## civil war were returned to the province on thursday , in line with a controversial government decision .
zimbabwe 's decision to suspend its test status for the rest of the year drew mixed reaction from sri lanka and bangaldesh cricketing circles on thursday .
the european union expressed deep concern thursday over the arrest of at least ## politicans and activists by royalist authorities in nepal , a day ahead of a planned rally against the king .
israel police on thursday closed down a campaign office for the radical hamas movement in east jerusalem just six days ahead of the palestinian parliamentary elections , a police spokesman said .
at least ## people were killed and ## wounded in a double bomb attack thursday in central baghdad , an interior ministry official said .
representatives of ukrainian industries repeated calls on thursday for authorities to annul a controversial gas price deal with russia , warning that the agreement could devastate the industrial sector .
a cold wave brought disruption to the new eu member states of eastern europe on thursday , with public transport hit as electric tram wires snapped and children stayed home from school , with temperatures as low as minus ## celsius -lrb- minus ## fahrenheit -rrb- .
j.k. rowling , the author of the harry potter books , will take part in a charity benefit in bucharest next week to help `` the underprivileged children of romania and europe , '' organisers of the event said thursday .
zambia has re-registered a controversial evangelical church which was banned last year for allegedly practising satanism , a court official said thursday .
hibs and northern ireland under-## forward dean <unk> is to undergo surgery to remove an eye which he has been unable to see with throughout his <unk> career .
syria protested thursday over comments by the former head of the un probe into the murder of former lebanese premier rafiq hariri accusing damascus of bearing responsibility .
the european commission shrugged off thursday a drop in gas imports to europe from russia saying that european gas companies were able to make up for the shortfall .
a british vicar has created his own version of the rocky horror picture show to lure the faithful back into the fold -- a new twice-monthly church service for the <unk> in his parish , complete with rock music and compulsory black garments .
tommy haas kept his awesome early season form rolling thursday with the annihilation of american veteran paul goldstein , sending a warning that he should not be underestimated .
a new exhibition on the nazi regime 's persecution of jews opened on thursday at the <unk> villa in berlin , where they signed off on hitler 's plans for the genocide in january #### .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier , under fire over media allegations that berlin shared military secrets with washington during the iraq war , said thursday he felt vindicated by the testimony of two german agents .
tim cahill has backed his old millwall team-mates to win their battle to survive in the championship .
greek cypriot authorities thursday came to the rescue of turkish cypriots by supplying their breakaway state with electricity after it was plunged into darkness after an explosion at the main power plant .
tommy haas kept his awesome early season form rolling thursday with the annihilation of american veteran paul goldstein , sending a warning that he should not be underestimated .
eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said thursday that eurozone growth is `` more promising '' and is rising to its potential rate of two percent .
the mother of a us journalist abducted in iraq who has been threatened with death unless the united states frees all female prisoners in iraq , pleaded on thursday for her daughter 's release .
italy should turn to nuclear power for its energy needs , italian industry minister claudio scajola said on thursday after deliveries of russian gas to the country fell short of demand for the third consecutive day .
lleyton hewitt 's dream of becoming the first australian in ## years to win the australian open turned into a nightmare when he was knocked out by juan ignacio chela on thursday .
the european union on thursday rejected criticism that it fails to act on human rights abuses in partner countries such as china and russia , and sacrifices rights in the name of fighting terrorism .
the family of a nine-year-old boy who was bound , beaten and starved to death in eastern france in #### went on trial on charges of torture and barbarity on thursday .
anglo-dutch oil giant shell thursday announced the recovery of the corpse of another civilian contractor for the company following the attack on its flowstation on last sunday .
croatian police pressed charges on thursday against a journalist , accused by the un war crimes tribunal with contempt of court for publishing the secret testimony of a protected witness on the internet .
mark viduka has reportedly held talks with everton about a potential move away from middlesbrough .
enbw , germany 's third-biggest power supplier , said thursday its pre-tax profit jumped by ## percent to #.### billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in #### , breaching the one-billion-euro mark for the first time in the company 's history .
us housing starts slumped #.# percent in december to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of #.### million units , the government reported thursday .
us jobless claims fell ##,### to a seasonally adjusted ###,### in the week to january ## , their lowest level in almost six years , the labor department said thursday .
a complete shutdown was ordered on thursday of israel 's ben gurion international airport , public radio reported .
britain 's beleagured education secretary ruth kelly said thursday that child sex offenders would be banned from working in schools as prime minister tony blair 's planned education reforms came under fire .
around a dozen people were wounded on thursday in an explosion at tel aviv 's former central bus station , police and rescue services said .
canadian cyclist genevieve jeanson has been banned for life by usa cycling after testing positive for blood-booster epo , quebec daily la presse reported on thursday .
china 's vice-like grip on the women 's singles title tightened still further at the all-england open championships , the world 's oldest badminton tournament , on thursday .
british opposition parties demanded answers from the government thursday after a leaked memo suggested uncertainty about the exact number of us `` rendition '' flights allowed to use british airspace .
four soldiers from benin serving with a un peacekeeping force were back home thursday , but their ship carrying military vehicles and light weapons remained impounded in equatorial guinea .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier on thursday ruled out any military strike against iran , which is facing possible referral to the united nations over its nuclear program .
<unk> , the munich-based asset manager , announced thursday that it was freezing another of its open-ended property funds as the current crisis in the sector snowballs .
al-jazeera news channel maintained thursday its demand to view a british document which allegedly referred to a us proposal to bomb the television 's headquarters , despite an official british denial .
zimbabwe has made a #.#-million us dollar -lrb- two-million-euro -rrb- payment to the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- ahead of a visit by the world lending body next week , the finance minister told afp wednesday .
africa 's most durable leader , gabon 's omar bongo ondimba , was sworn in for another seven-year term at a grandiose ceremony on thursday attended by several prominent , african heads of state .
the palestinian authority said it condemned thursday 's suicide attack in tel aviv , describing it as an attempt to sabotage next week 's legislative elections .
american lance armstrong , the winner of the last seven tour de france races , said he believed jan ullrich would win the #### race , a german internet site reported on thursday .
france urged thursday a `` firm '' response to iran 's defiant stand on its nuclear program , while russia countered by calling for a cautious approach to the international crisis .
the norwegian energy group statoil said thursday that a gas leak had forced the closure of oil and gas production at one of its north sea platforms .
british airways plans to help the nigerian aviation industry modernize in the wake of several recent air disasters that have claimed hundreds of lives , said a nigerian government statement thursday .
wall street opened modestly higher thursday as strong earnings from pharmaceutical giant pfizer and chipmaker advanced micro devices helped spark a rebound from four days of declines .
ethiopian security forces shot and wounded at least one person and injured three others with batons on thursday during disturbances at celebrations marking the orthodox epiphany , or <unk> , participants and hospital sources said .
france urged thursday a `` firm '' response to iran 's defiant stand on its nuclear power program , while russia countered by calling for a cautious approach to the international crisis .
israeli defense minister shaul mofaz on thursday transferred control of the erez border crossing between northern gaza and israel to a civilian company .
fifa backed saint etienne in their refusal to release tunisia international <unk> <unk> as a last-minute replacement in the african nations cup , the french first division club said on thursday .
a russian circus resorted to giant vodka cocktails thursday in an attempt to protect performing elephants from extreme cold .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on thursday again called for iran to be hauled before the un security council over its controversial nuclear program .
french stockmarket watchdog amf on thursday denied it had been pressured to rewrite its report of an investigation of the chemicals group rhodia after former top executive thierry breton was appointed finance minister .
a fire in an executive kitchen forced the evacuation of part of the pentagon thursday , including the offices of us defense secretary donald rumsfeld , a spokeswoman said .
vitali klitschko , the former wbc heavyweight champion who retired in november after giving up his fight against injury , said thursday that he will run for the post of kiev 's mayor in the march elections .
syrian president bashar al-assad on thursday pledged support for iran 's nuclear program and rejected pressure on tehran , at a joint news conference with his iranian counterpart mahmoud ahmadinejad .
the stand-off between cameroon coach artur jorge and the country 's football federation over pay has been resolved , an anonymous source at the cameroon sports ministry said on thursday .
the white house on thursday condemned a suicide bombing that wounded about ## people in tel aviv , and called on the palestinians to step up efforts to crack down on extremists who target israel .
ajax 's french defender julien escude has agreed a deal with sevilla until #### , the spanish first division club said on thursday .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- and galileo industries signed thursday a #.#-billion-euro -lrb- #.#-billion-dollar -rrb- contract for the delivery of four satellites to be used in an ambitious navigation system that europe hopes will rival the reigning us gps network .
ukraine demanded thursday that russia stop what it called unlawful troop movements around disputed navigation installations in crimea , the base of russia 's black sea fleet and the object of the latest row between the bickering neighbors .
six players were tied for the lead on thursday after an action-packed first round of the pakistan open , which is making its debut on the asian tour .
an australian wallaby , or small kangaroo , that had been on the hop in southwest france since escaping its owner three months ago is headed for the <unk> after being found dead .
the resource-rich democratic republic of congo officially joined thursday the international extractive industries transparency initiative -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , vice president jean-pierre bemba said .
saudi prince al-walid bin talal has invested some ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- to build a high-end luxury resort in the indian ocean island of mauritius after concluding a partnership deal with a local group , officials said thursday .
the world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- on thursday launched a three-month school feeding project , targetting some ###,### pupils in the southern african nation 's seven worst <unk> districts .
prosecutors at the un-backed court trying the main suspects in rwanda 's #### genocide on thursday asked the tribunal to sentence a former mayor who pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting the mass slaughter to ## years in prison .
olympic sprint champion kati wilhelm of germany won the women 's world cup biathlon #.# km sprint event here on saturday ahead of france 's sandrine bailly and albina <unk> of russia .
a us senator on thursday said he plans to introduce a bill calling on president george w. bush 's administration to press governments around the world to shun iran over its nuclear program .
a german nursing home employee on thursday went on trial in the western city of bonn in connection with the deaths between #### and #### of nine elderly women in her care .
the european union condemned `` orchestrated acts of violence '' , including attacks on united nations peacekeepers in the ivory coast , in a statement issued thursday by the body 's austrian presidency .
the spread of the bird flu virus in turkey has caused chicken sales to plummet up to ## percent in neighboring greece , plunging the poultry industry into economic crisis , lamented the union of greek farmers on thursday .
a us tourism office in paris on thursday appealed to the french government to resolve a row that has blocked production of new biometric passports and created a visa logjam for french travellers heading to the united states .
iran on thursday denied reports that it was moving billions of dollars in hard currency from european banks to asia and said europe had no right to freeze its assets .
spanish interior minister jose antonio alonso is to meet the country 's muslim community to discuss how best to integrate it into mainstream spanish society , his ministry said on thursday .
british home secretary charles clarke ruled out upgrading the classification of cannabis thursday , despite new concerns about the drug 's possible side-effects .
police thursday launched a probe into reports that the estonian president 's teenage granddaughters threw drunken parties in his palace , amid fears the adolescents ' antics compromised national security .
at least two people died when the ice gave way under a bus crossing a frozen siberian river , the russian emergency services ministry said thursday .
dutch agriculture minister cees veerman told lawmakers thursday that the country 's poultry should `` probably '' be confined in spring as a precaution against bird flu .
an appeals court on thursday upheld charges of complicity against the wife of self-confessed french serial killer michel fourniret , accused of murdering at least seven women over a ##-year period .
the international community should force armenia to withdraw troops from the disputed nagorno karabakh enclave or face new hostilities , azerbaijan said thursday .
a coat allegedly made from gorilla fur and worn by a british television reality show contestant has been handed over to police following complaints from furious viewers about animal cruelty .
du wei has been ordered to return to china by his club shanghai shenhua after they refused scottish premier league leaders celtic 's request for an extension to his loan spell .
a us team of experts , currently investigating the deadly bird flu outbreak in turkey , will also travel to neighboring armenia , azerbaijan and georgia , a us embassy spokesman said here on thursday .
south africans warren <unk> , ross wellington , thomas aiken ensured their places at the british open here thursday .
european stock exchanges advanced thursday , with the london ftse rising by #.## percent to close at #,###.# points .
the price of base metals jumped higher thursday on soaring investment demand , with copper and zinc striking historic high points while aluminium reached a ##-year peak .
new european union member poland is to spend ### billion zlotys -lrb- ## billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- by #### on expanding its limited network of motorways , prime minister kazimierz marcinkiewicz announced thursday .
al-qaeda chief osama bin laden threatened new attacks against the united states in an audiotape attributed to the western world 's most wanted man broadcast on arabic television thursday .
wall street saw a modest rebound thursday , as strong earnings helped spark a rebound from four days of declines and investors digested the implications of a new audiotape purportedly from al-qaeda chief osama bin laden .
if president jacques chirac ever carried out his implicit threat to strike countries sponsoring terrorist attacks against france , the results would be devastating to say the least .
three russian soldiers were killed and two injured in a ##-hour period in clashes with separatist rebels in russia 's war-torn republic of chechnya , an official said thursday .
the dutch parliament thursday approved plans to oblige prospective immigrants to take tests , for which they will have to pay , to prove their knowledge of the nation 's culture and language .
the united states and oman signed a free trade agreement thursday , making the gulf state the fifth middle eastern country to have negotiated an fta with the world 's biggest economy .
a four-year-old british girl was stunned to receive a reply to her message in a bottle from a boy in australia , her nursery said thursday .
rod marinelli , the defensive line coach of the tampa bay buccaneers for the past ## years , was named coach of the detroit lions on thursday .
doctors on the indian ocean island of reunion are battling an epidemic of a crippling mosquito-borne disease that has no known cure , french health minister xavier bertrand said on thursday .
ukraine 's parliament voted thursday to sack two ministers over a gas price deal with russia , in a largely symbolic gesture that followed the firing of the government last week .
eu foreign policy chief javier solana warned thursday that a suicide bomb blast in tel aviv must not be allowed to divert attention at a crucial time for the mideast peace process .
controversial catholic group opus dei has called for the forthcoming film version of `` the da vinci code '' to be given an adult rating to prevent children being influenced by its `` insidious '' lies about the catholic church .
the rolling stones have added two more concerts to the french leg of their world tour after the original two gigs were all but sold out , organisers said thursday .
arsenal manager arsene wenger hopes to discover in the next ## hours whether or not highly-rated teenage striker theo walcott will agree to move to highbury from championship side southampton .
us scientists said thursday that the stardust mission to collect samples of dust from distant stars and comets had been a `` huge success '' .
a dutch refusal to contribute troops to extend an afghan peacekeeping mission into the country 's volatile south could delay the deployment later this year , nato warned thursday .
a cuban-american couple thursday pleaded not guilty in miami to charges they acted as covert agents for cuba 's communist government , and were remanded in custody pending a bail hearing .
the french luxury goods giant lvmh said thursday that turnover in #### had increased by ## percent after a record month of december when sales of louis vuitton designer wear and wine and spirits hit record highs .
us first lady laura bush will lead the official us delegation to the #### winter olympic games in turin , italy , accompanied by one of her daughters , barbara , the white house said thursday .
ukraine have pulled out of their planned friendly against fellow world cup finalists iran , the ukraine football federation deputy president vladimir <unk> told afp thursday .
us president george w. bush on thursday congratulated chile 's new president , michelle bachelet , and said he hoped to build on the `` strong friendship '' uniting both countries , the white house said .
us first lady laura bush will lead the official usa delegation to the #### winter olympic games in turin accompanied by one of her daughters , barbara , the white house said thursday .
the united nations peacekeeping mission in burundi on thursday accused the country 's army and the last active rebel group of committing numerous human rights violations with impunity .
the white house on thursday downplayed italy 's plan to withdraw from iraq , saying the move was conducted in consultation with the united states and calling it a sign of progress .
iran warned thursday of a world oil crisis if sanctions are imposed over its nuclear program even as the united states and europe struggled to get support for un security council action .
<unk> captain stuart carlisle launched a bitter attack on the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- on thursday accusing them of being ` spineless ' in their relations with the stricken african country .
the european commission warned serbia thursday that talks on building closer ties with the eu could be suspended unless belgrade does more to help find key war crimes suspects .
eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia warned thursday that inflation in estonia and lithuania was too high for the two baltic countries to join the eurozone .
a group of youth opposition activists on hunger strike over what they said was their politically motivated expulsion from university in azerbaijan announced victory after authorities in the ex-soviet republic reinstated the students thursday .
the un security council on thursday adopted a statement condemning the violent anti-un protests in ivory coast and threatening sanctions against individuals blocking the un-mandated peace process .
european rugby cup organisers on thursday awarded the twice-postponed pool two match between calvisano and leeds to the english club after finding the italian champions guilty of misconduct .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice announced thursday a revamp of washington 's overseas aid mechanism to make it more efficient and accountable and bring it in tandem with foreign policy .
the norwegian energy group statoil on thursday said it was evacuating #,### employees working on development of the snoehvit gas field in the barents sea due to extreme weather .
zimbabwean police have arrested a former daily news journalist for allegedly working without government accreditation , a media watchdog said thursday .
a british security guard who shot blank rounds at a journalist trying to recover two stolen copies of the latest harry potter novel was jailed for four and a half years thursday .
a czech local council removed on thursday a controversial `` memorial '' erected by the right-wing national party at the site of a world war ii camp where ### gypsies , most of them children , died , the czech news agency reported .
out-of-favour chelsea full-back wayne bridge was handed a world cup lifeline on thursday when he moved from stamford bridge to london neighbors fulham on loan .
belgian prosecutor serge brammertz arrived in beirut thursday to take <unk> head of the un probe into the murder of former lebanese premier rafiq hariri , as syria slammed his predecessor for comments linking damascus with the crime .
nigerian nobel laureate wole soyinka thursday called for the impeachment of the country 's president olusegun obasanjo over an alleged breach of the nation 's constitution .
a banned tajik islamist group was boosting its membership by recruiting in prisons and seeking alliances with other political parties , interior minister <unk> sharipov said on thursday .
thousands of protesters on thursday held a demonstration in central athens against a council of europe resolution draft condemning human rights violations by communist-era regimes in central and eastern europe .
battling to get sufficient accommodation for the estimated ##,### people expected in guyana for the #### cricket world cup , the south american country is building new hotels , upgrading existing ones and establishing bed-and-breakfast homes , officials said thursday .
a group of european and african executives and sports officials on thursday launched a campaign to bring the olympic games to africa in #### .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on thursday ordered members of his new cabinet to submit to tough new ethics requirements and vowed strict anti-graft steps amid donor concern about his commitment to fighting corruption .
suriname trade and industry minister siegfried <unk> resigned thursday after being accused of involvement in money laundering and taking part in a criminal organization , officials said .
un secretary general kofi annan on thursday appealed to iran not to press ahead with nuclear fuel research and instead move toward renewed talks with the west .
the united nations said thursday that somalia faces a humanitarian crisis of `` historic dimensions '' as a searing drought that has struck east africa adds to existing grave problems in the lawless nation .
the pittsburgh steelers are poised to test the limits of denver 's formidable home field advantage sunday when they battle the broncos for a super bowl berth .
house democrats were to quiz experts friday about the legality of president george w. bush 's domestic eavesdropping program , after ruling republicans ignored a request for formal hearings .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice will travel to london for an international conference on afghanistan beginning january ## and could make other stopovers in europe for talks on the iranian nuclear dispute , officials said thursday .
world oil prices jumped to four-month highs thursday as simmering tensions in nigeria and iran overshadowed news of rising us energy stockpiles , dealers said .
a slovakian military plane crashed in north eastern hungary late on thursday with ## people on board , the hungarian defense ministry said .
wall street bounced back from four losing sessions thursday as investors cheered strong earnings and failed to be discouraged by a new audiotape released by al-qaeda chief osama bin laden .
morgan freeman , last year 's winner of the best supporting actor oscar , will take the stage again at the #### show to present one of the coveted golden statuettes to a winner , organisers said thursday .
iran on thursday released eight iraqi border guards who had been detained on january ## by iranian forces after a clash on the southern river frontier , an officer said .
flip saunders , who will be the coach of the eastern conference all stars in february , is looking at a starting lineup that will probably not include any of his own detroit players .
scott linehan , who beat out two other high-profile candidates , was named head coach of the st. louis rams on thursday .
us senator john kerry told us television thursday that the fate of kidnapped us journalist jill carroll has overshadowed his visit to iraq , becoming one of top issues discussed at his meetings with senior iraqi officials .
baron davis , who helped the golden state warriors snap a five-game national basketball association losing streak on monday , was suspended one game for hitting seattle guard luke ridnour during that game .
the slovakian government held an emergency meeting late on thursday after a military plane carrying slovakian soldiers home from kosovo crashed in north eastern hungary .
following the us supreme court 's endorsement of an assisted-suicide law in oregon oregon , momentum has grown for similar legislation in neighboring california , backers said thursday .
chad campbell fired a six-under ## here thursday to take the clubhouse lead early in the second round of the bob hope chrysler classic .
new york knicks forward antonio davis was suspended for five games by the national basketball association on thursday , a day after he jumped into the stands during new york 's overtime loss in chicago .
the united states urged russia thursday not to clamp down on civil society after moscow announced a new and hotly-disputed law placing restrictions on the activities of non-governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- .
the former head of credit lyonnais , jean peyrelevade , was set to plead guilty thursday to charges of lying over the french bank 's ####s acquisition of us insurer executive life , prosecutors said .
us vice president dick cheney on thursday warned against seeing us military intervention in iraq as a precedent for possible action to prevent iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon .
the world bank thursday approved a ### million dollar loan to help india upgrade its decrepit power grid and ease a major bottleneck to faster economic growth .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan defeated peter ebdon #-# to book his place in the semi-finals of the masters at wembley on thursday and gain revenge for his stormy world championship defeat at the hands of his fellow englishman last year .
spanish police have found the bodies of two britons at a cottage near the southern spanish town of coin , local officials said on thursday .
the dollar held firm thursday , recouping early losses linked to the broadcast of an audio tape said to be by al-qaeda head osama bin laden that warned of new attacks against the united states .
new york knicks forward antonio davis was suspended for five games by the national basketball association on thursday , a day after he jumped into the stands during new york 's overtime loss in chicago .
oscar-winning australian movie star russell crowe is to become a father for the second time , his publicist told afp on thursday .
the united states condemned thursday nepal 's crackdown on political parties and civil society ahead of a planned rally against the king and called for the release of more than ### activists who have been rounded up .
tokyo stocks opened higher friday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## points in the first few minutes of trade .
australian defense minister robert hill resigned on friday , reportedly to take up the post of canberra 's ambassador to the united nations .
the canadian government thursday said it had `` temporarily '' closed its ivory coast embassy in abidjan as supporters of president laurent gbagbo continued to besiege a un base in the city .
kieran richardson is hopeful of gaining a place in the manchester united midfield after the arrival of two new defenders at old trafford during the january transfer window .
andrew flintoff is in line for the most lucrative benefit year ever enjoyed by an english cricketer , with one report suggesting the ashes-winning all-rounder could earn as much as # million pounds when he cashes in on his fame with a series of global events .
theo epstein agreed thursday to return to the boston red sox in a full-time baseball operations role almost three months after stepping down as general manager .
a ##-year-old woman who had been blind for ## years awoke in a british hospital after suffering a heart attack and could see again , telling her husband : `` you 've got older , '' a newspaper reported friday .
middlesbrough manager steve mcclaren has called on his players `` to stand up and be counted '' as they look to end a poor run of form in the english premiership at home to wigan on saturday .
an incompetent new zealand burglar captured and <unk> by elderly members of a petanque club was a `` laughing stock '' in prison and would never again be able to hold his head up in criminal circles , his lawyer said friday .
internet search giant google defied a legal challenge from the us justice department thursday by vowing to `` vigorously '' fight a demand to reveal details about online searches .
hong kong gold prices opened higher friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
former england boss glenn hoddle has praised the football association for standing by sven-goran eriksson but said he could have done with similar backing when his time in charge of the national side ended because of an off-the-field controversy .
australian police have arrested a former serbian army commander accused of committing war crimes during the balkan conflict who could now be extradited to croatia to face trial , officials said friday .
the head of russia 's power grid rao ues , anatoly chubais , late thursday lambasted the sentencing to ten years of prison of former moldovan defense minister and chubais aide valery pasat , vowing to take all legal steps to secure his release .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent higher friday on follow-through interest in china stocks and blue chips , with wall street 's gains overnight and a continued rebound in the japanese market bolstering sentiment , dealers said .
the european parliament exceeded its role by calling on states to crack down on homophobia and to recognize same sex couples , the head of the continent 's bishops ' organization said thursday .
police investigating allegations that supermodel kate moss used cocaine have questioned former clash rocker mick jones , police said thursday .
chad campbell will never be confused for a celebrity , but the easy going golfer was thrust into the midst of three rock stars at the bob hope chrysler classic .
draconian security , a state of emergency and thousands of forces will seek to counter the spiralling insecurity that casts an ominous shadow over next week 's palestinian parliamentary vote .
palestinians are to go to the polls on wednesday to elect ### mps in only the second ever sitting parliament .
the dollar drifted higher in asian trade friday after getting a jolt from a warning purportedly from al-qaeda head osama bin laden of possible new attacks against the united states , dealers said .
roger federer is on track to become one of the all-time greats in tennis , his coach tony roche said friday .
at least ## people were killed and seven were injured after a truck overturned on a highway in southern bolivia , local officials said late thursday .
microsoft corp said friday that annual spending in china on <unk> and development remained at ### million dollars and no additional investment would be made as state press indicated earlier .
sixth seed nadia petrova blasted her italian rival off court friday to saunter into the australian open fourth round .
american second seed andy roddick romped into the fourth round of the australian open with a straight sets victory friday .
unknown gunmen shot dead a congressional aide and part-time radio journalist in this southern philippine city on friday , the latest in a rash of attacks on the press , police said .
prices on china 's foreign currency b-share market have risen sharply this week on talk of a merger with the bigger local currency bourse but traders say any near term move by regulators is unlikely .
two men were shot dead by suspected islamic militants while a third man was killed in a separate bomb blast in thailand 's muslim-majority restive south , police said friday .
human rights watch on friday called on uzbekistan 's authorities to disclose the fate of an uzbek rights activist arrested after he criticized the crackdown on an uprising in the eastern city of andijan last may .
all black sione lauaki has been charged with assault after an early morning incident in the northern new zealand city of hamilton friday .
the sundance film festival , the world 's top independent film showcase , kicked off in the snow-capped mountains of utah on thursday with a glitzy splash of parties heralding a ##-day orgy of cinema .
australia won the toss and elected to bat first in their tri-series limited overs international against south africa at melbourne 's telstra dome on friday .
two-time world champion manny pacquiao will use his relentless style with the hope of getting different result in his rematch with erik ` terrible ' morales at the thomas and mack center .
the head of the police investigation into racial riots on sydney beaches was friday removed from his position following claims he failed to arrest those responsible for revenge attacks .
the first lunar new year flight between taiwan and china landed in shanghai friday , kicking off the now annual frenzy of passengers taking advantage of the holidays to fly directly across the straits .
the united nations should publicise a report it was due to receive friday alleging that indonesia 's occupation of east timor caused the deaths of up to ###,### civilians , a rights group said .
oil prices surged past ## dollars a barrel in asian trading friday after al-qaeda leader osama bin laden threatened new attacks against the united states , dealers said .
japan and peru had merely cameo roles in the madrid fusion forum for foodies which ended thursday night , but their influence was highly visible at a gathering which brought together the culinary creme de la creme .
eighth seed gaston gaudio of argentina was sent tumbling out of the australian open third round friday by france 's fabrice santoro in a marathon five-setter .
australia said `` good and substantial '' progress was made this week in negotiations over the sale of uranium to china -- talks that focus on safeguards against the uranium 's use in nuclear weapons .
play was suspended on outside courts at the australian open here friday under the tournament 's extreme heat policy .
the australian wheat exporter caught up in the iraq oil-for-food scandal could potentially also have made illegal payments to agents in pakistan to ensure contracts , an inquiry heard friday .
hong kong share prices finished the friday morning session #.## percent lower on profit-taking in blue chips and h-shares following thursday 's sharp gains , dealers said .
malaysia 's non-muslim ministers have called on the prime minister to protect the rights of religious minorities , in an unprecedented move , ministers and religious leaders said friday .
macquarie hit back friday at the london stock exchange board for its rejection of the australian bank 's hostile takeover bid , saying europe 's biggest equity market was a strategically isolated , low growth business under its current management .
police in vietnam are investigating the wealthy chairman and owner of top football club hoang anh gia lai on suspicion of match fixing , state media said friday .
rights groups friday condemned chinese police for harassing a beijing-based activist lawyer , who they said had undergone ## straight days of surveillance and repeatedly had his life threatened .
seven people died in moscow overnight as a result of exposure to cold temperatures which sank to around minus ## c -lrb- minus ## f -rrb- as russia remained locked in the grip of a severe cold snap , interfax news agency reported .
belgian eighth seed justine henin-hardenne cruised through to the fourth round of the australian open with a straight sets win over france 's virginie razzano friday .
japanese share prices closed flat friday as investors took a cautious stance ahead of the weekend and following recent market chaos sparked by probe into internet firm livedoor , dealers said .
iraqi authorities friday said they were sealing off three provinces to prevent possible rebel attacks when final general election results are announced later in the day , iraqiya state television reported .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , ending a bumpy week on a postive note as solid overseas leads and strong metal prices provided support , dealers said .
australia has chosen to base their squad for football 's #### world cup in a former princely palace in the southern german town of <unk> , the team announced friday .
forty-two slovak soldiers died when the military plane they were traveling in crashed in northeastern hungary , hungary 's interior ministry said friday , revising its previous death toll of ## .
australia made ### off ##.# overs in their tri-series one-day international cricket match against south africa at melbourne 's telstra dome on friday .
a chinese tycoon whose investment conglomerate once was china 's biggest stockholder has gone on trial on charges of illegal funding and stock manipulation , state press reported friday .
israel 's defense minister shaul mofaz on friday accused iran and syria of being behind a suicide bombing in tel aviv that wounded around ## people on thursday .
new zealand prime minister helen clark and the top us military officer in the pacific highlighted cooperation between the two countries friday despite a long-standing nuclear dispute .
a senior iraqi sunni arab leader friday urged kidnappers to release us reporter jill carroll , just hours before a deadline set by kidnappers for her execution .
india 's fourth-largest software exporter , satyam , reported friday third-quarter net profit leapt ## percent amid soaring global outsourcing business , beating analysts ' expectations .
at least ## people were killed friday when a crowded bus plunged into a gorge in southern indian kashmir , police said .
barricades were lifted and no protesters could be seen in the streets of ivory coast 's economic capital abidjan on friday , afp correspondents said , marking an end to four days of unrest that drew un condemnation .
north korean international an <unk> has agreed to sign a one-year contract to play for south korean football club busan i ` park , the club said friday .
daimlerchrysler supervisory board chief hilmar kopper rejected friday allegations he was involved in insider trading at the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler .
australia 's simon gerrans admitted his bid for victory will hinge on the fourth and penultimate stage of the tour down under after the ###km -lrb- ##-mile -rrb- third stage in which he retained his slim lead on friday .
taiwan 's prime minister-designate su tseng-chang on friday named the woman who formerly served as the island 's top mainland policymaker , tsai ing-wen , as his deputy .
australian share prices are likely to consolidate in the days ahead after a rollercoaster week saw a record breaking new year rally cut short by offshore turbulence , dealers said friday .
the tokyo stock exchange -lrb- tse -rrb- will next week take a step towards delisting scandal-hit internet firm livedoor unless it gives an adequate response to fraud allegations , the tse president said friday .
hong kong gold prices closed higher friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared to thursday 's ###.##-### .## dollars .
french household spending on manufactured goods declined percent one percent in december from november , when it rose #.# percent , the national statistics institute insee reported friday .
personal computer -lrb- pc -rrb- sales in the asia-pacific region grew at their fastest pace in five years in #### with ##.# million units sold on the back of lower prices , an industry research firm said friday .
hong kong share prices closed flat friday in cautious trade , with investors keeping a wary eye on oil prices which surged past the ## dollars a barrel level in asian trading , dealers said .
switzerland 's largest telecoms operator , swisscom , said friday that chief executive jens alder had resigned in the wake of government move to halt the group 's investment drive abroad .
british energy company bg group said friday it would acquire a ##-percent stake in a nigerian oil and gas field under an agreement it signed with sahara energy exploration and production limited .
finland 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- contracted by #.# percent in november compared with october but grew #.# percent year-on-year , the finnish statistics office said on friday .
a takeover bid for denmark 's leading telephone operator , tdc , by a group of investment funds has met with shareholder acceptance rate of ##.# , bidders nordic telephone company -lrb- ntc -rrb- said on friday .
hong kong shares are likely to trade lower next week as the market consolidates on recent strong gains , dealers said friday .
a powerful chinese textile organization has warned there may be more us and european anti-dumping measures this year as prices on exports from the asian giant have fallen steeply , state media said friday .
nigerian oil workers ' unions threatened friday to withdraw their members from the troubled niger delta region if the government fails to stop the violence there .
oil prices surged past ## dollars per barrel on friday , with the market unnerved by reports that al-qaeda leader osama bin laden has threatened new attacks against the united states , dealers said .
japanese share prices closed flat friday as investors took a cautious stance ahead of the weekend and following recent market chaos sparked by probe into internet firm livedoor , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed flat friday in cautious trade , with investors keeping a wary eye on oil prices which surged past the ## dollars a barrel level in asian trading , dealers said .
argentine fourth seed david nalbandian came from a set down to overcome ##th seed jarkko nieminen of finland in the third round at the australian open friday .
the us justice department has turned over a ##-page document to congress endorsing the legal arguments behind president george w. bush 's contested , warrantless domestic eavesdropping program .
deutsche bank chief josef ackermann <unk> friday that he intended to stay on as head of germany 's biggest bank , even though he is facing a retrial in the long-running mannesmann case .
a total of ##.# million tourists visited spain last year , a rise of #.# percent on #### and the biggest growth rate since #### , the country 's tourism ministry said on friday .
the bundesbank warned friday against panic-selling in the german open-ended property fund sector after three such funds were frozen within the space of two months , sparking fears of a sector-wide crisis .
two thousand heavily armed sudanese tribesmen have driven ##,### heads of livestock across the border into a wildlife reserve in uganda in search of water and pasture for their herds , in a bid to survive the searing drought gripping east africa , ugandan officials said friday .
premiership leaders chelsea are thinking about buying earls court exhibition centre here for ### million pounds -lrb- ###m euros -rrb- in order to up their capacity at stamford bridge by more than ##,### , the bbc reported on friday .
shanghai shenhua expressed disappointment friday that chinese international du wei was heading home after playing just ## minutes for scottish giants celtic .
the bribe claims of qpr manager ian holloway concerning the transfer of a player will be investigated , the football assocation said on friday .
oil and gas production on friday resumed at the aasgard b platform and its adjacent installation mikkel in the norwegian sea , which were closed last weekend due to sparks and smoke in an exhaust system , operator statoil said .
some #,### workers at the nuremberg plant of german electrical appliances maker aeg went on indefinite strike friday to protest against plans by the group 's swedish parent electrolux to close the factory .
with no barricades or protesters in sight , ivory coast 's economic capital abidjan returned to bustling normality on friday after four days of violent unrest that drew united nations condemnation .
thousands of pakistanis took to the streets in fresh protests friday , a week after a us airstrike killed four al-qaeda militants and ## civilians , witnesses said .
russian lawmakers voted friday to give back to hungary a valuable book collection confiscated by soviet troops in the city of <unk> during world war ii and kept in russia as compensation for wartime losses .
recently-crowned world heavyweight champion nikolay valuev allegedly beat up a security guard at the local sports palace spartak , media reported here on friday .
ivory coast has the best chances of winning the african nations cup among the continent 's five teams set to travel to germany for the world cup , according to an internet poll .
british retail sales rose by #.# percent in december from november , official data showed on friday , as shoppers kept the tills ringing in the run-up to christmas .
<unk> , in charge of finland 's national electricity system , on friday warned of a possible power shortage after russia said freezing cold at home would force it to cut power deliveries to the nordic country by ## percent .
north korea attacked the united states and south korea after they called earlier friday for the stalinist country to return to talks aimed at ending its nuclear weapons drive .
the turkish government announced friday a plan estimated to cost at least ##.# million lira -lrb- ## million dollars , ## million euros -rrb- to salvage the poultry sector , which has been decimated by the bird flu outbreak plaguing the country .
wendelin wiedeking , head of the german luxury sports car maker porsche , is to take a seat on volkswagen 's supervisory board with immediate effect , a porsche spokesman said on friday .
the united states will process the applications of thousands of vietnamese nationals who were unable to benefit from a postwar resettlement program before its suspension in #### , a us source said friday .
nato is `` not alarmed '' by french president jacques chirac 's threat of nuclear retaliation to a `` terrorist '' attack on france , an alliance source said on friday .
the chinese yuan ended friday at a <unk> high , after posting one of its sharpest gains since being <unk> from the dollar six month ago , traders said .
former champion thomas johansson brushed aside french qualifier gilles simon to advance to the fourth round of the australian open friday .
the dollar drifted higher against the euro but eased against the yen , as investors mulled the prospects for us interest rates in the light of recent and upcoming economic data , dealers said .
reigning world champion sebastien loeb of france was leading the <unk> monte carlo rally , the first round of the ##-leg world championship , at the midway point of friday 's first day .
oecd chief-designate jose angel gurria said friday he was more concerned about economic growth in the eurozone than inflation and predicted a pick-up in performances this year .
austria 's hermann maier won the men 's world cup super-g here on saturday ahead of italy 's peter fill and hannes reichelt of austria .
the european commission cleared friday the plans of british insurance group aviva to buy the life insurance unit of the allied irish banks -lrb- aib -rrb- .
while accounting for only around a seventh of the world 's population , africa has far more than its share of war and mayhem , as the continent 's leaders will be painfully aware when they hold their annual summit in khartoum on january ## and ## .
former everton captain alan stubbs is on his way back to the merseyside club , less than six months after an acrimonious departure for sunderland .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad met friday in damascus with the leaders of ## radical palestinian movements including islamic jihad and hamas , a palestinian official said .
croatia 's ivan ljubicic reached the fourth round of a grand slam tournament for the first time following a straight sets win at the australian open friday .
favorites the united states tied with a stubborn france at the four nation 's cup in southern china 's guangzhou city friday , while hosts china beat norway #-# .
a group of french mayors opposed to gay marriages friday issued a demand that they be consulted before any move be made to legalise such unions .
the german population shrank further in #### as the country 's birthrate declined once again , the national statistics office said on friday .
austria 's hermann maier won the men 's world cup super-g here on friday ahead of italy 's peter fill and hannes reichelt of austria for his ##nd world cup victory .
the german parliament said on friday it had invited ## young people from germany , france and poland to participate in commemorations for the victims of the nazis starting on sunday .
australian open giant-killer daniela hantuchova said heart was the secret ingredient behind her victory over defending champion serena williams friday .
in the upcoming wage round for the german electrical , engineering and metal working sector , the powerful ig metall labor union said friday it would demand wage increases of five percent .
the swiss pharmaceutical group roche underlined friday that treatment of virulent bird flu in humans must be undertaken rapidly and probably with higher doses of the drug tamiflu than for seasonal influenza .
football fans throughout much of east africa on friday scrambled to make plans to watch the wildly popular african nations cup that begins later in egypt as national television stations in the region were left unable to afford broadcast rights to the tournament .
gas firms reported they were unable to meet a surge in demand , medical centers treated people for frostbite and motorists summoned help to start their cars as the new eu member states of eastern europe shivered under a cold wave friday .
the greek finance ministry on friday said it had approved more than #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in additional funds to finance emergency measures against bird flu , which has killed four people in neighbouring turkey .
wal-mart , the us retail giant , plans to follow the example of rival german cut-price retailers tchibo and aldi and offer discount mobile phone services in germany , wal-mart manager dirk <unk> told the weekly wirtschaftswoche on friday .
the main ruling palestinian party fatah and radical islamist faction hamas are competing for votes neck and neck ahead of next week 's parliamentary election , an opinion poll revealed friday .
zagreb will ask australia to extradite within a week a former serb paramilitary it accuses of atrocities committed during croatia 's ####-#### independence war , the justice minister said on friday .
an indonesian publisher said friday that he would press ahead with a local edition of playboy despite opposition from muslim leaders , but promised that the risque magazine would not contain nudes .
the two rebel movements in sudan 's western darfur region , the sudan liberation movement and the justice and equality movement , announced on friday they were merging to create a single alliance .
coca cola hellenic bottling -lrb- cchbc -rrb- on friday announced the full purchase , in cooperation with its parent coca cola company , of serbia-montenegro fruit juice producer fresh and co at a net cost of ##.# million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- .
a whale , believed to be a pilot whale , was spotted swimming up the river thames through london on friday , police said .
spanish ##th seed tommy robredo won through to a fourth round encounter with david nalbandian at the australian open friday .
iran has asked the organization of petroleum exporting countries to reduce the cartel 's oil production quota by one million barrels per day from april , tehran 's opec representative said on friday .
austria 's michaela dorfmeister won the women 's world cup super-g here on friday , with tina maze of slovenia taking second and another austrian , nicole hosp , in third .
russia 's olympic committee president leonid tyagachev expressed his optimism about his country 's prospects at next month 's winter olympics , predicting that russian athletes could win up to ## medals in turin .
theo walcott , the hottest young prospect in english football , has opted to sign for arsenal in a deal that could eventually cost the gunners ## million pounds .
one of mozambique 's most notorious killers was friday sentenced to more than ## years in jail for the murder of investigative journalist carlos cardoso .
austria 's michaela dorfmeister won the women 's world cup super-g here on friday , with tina maze of slovenia taking second and another austrian , nicole hosp , in third .
pilots , flight attendants and ground staff at troubled airline alitalia are to strike again on monday , their unions said , after industrial action on thursday caused the company to cancel ### flights .
a coptic christian injured when clashes broke out between muslims and christians in southern egypt earlier this week died on friday , police said .
the cyprus government friday congratulated marcos baghdatis , its only greek cypriot tennis star , for reaching the last ## of the australian open where he could cause an even bigger upset by knocking out second seed andy roddick .
muslim preacher abu hamza al-masri , accused in britain of race hate and inciting murder charges , denied on friday that he would advocate a terrorist attack on london landmark big ben .
british foreign secretary jack straw on friday denied the government had approved more than four us requests to fly terrorist suspects through britain , after a leaked memo suggested otherwise .
italy 's president on friday used his constitutional powers to block a controversial judicial reform bill of prime minister silvio berlusconi 's centre-right government aimed at curbing the powers of prosecutors , his office said .
a senior us official called friday for macau to clamp down on money laundering after a bank in the autonomous chinese territory was accused of acting as a front for north korean funds .
the united nations said friday that it fears a looming humanitarian tragedy in the central african republic , where armed groups are increasingly striking at civilians .
the high security in place for the opening match of the african nations cup provoked the secretary general of the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- to storm out here on friday , an afp journalist witnessed .
heavy snowfalls , blustery winds and plunging temperatures wreaked havoc across northern europe on friday , causing major disruptions in air , road and ferry traffic and leaving many people without power .
germany believes that french president jacques chirac 's threat of nuclear retaliation for terror attacks was in line with paris 's existing nuclear policy , a government spokesman said on friday .
if it 's <unk> boxer shorts you need , do n't bother looking for them in uzbekistan anymore .
world cup hosts germany will play colombia on june # in their final warm-up fixture before the first match of the tournament pits them against costa rica a week later .
australia goalkeeper mark schwarzer is to stay at middlesbrough after withdrawing a transfer request he lodged earlier this month .
number-one us banking group citigroup reported friday that fourth-quarter earnings rose ## percent from a year ago to #.## billion dollars , lifted by one-time gains .
british foreign secretary jack straw is set to visit ankara next week after a planned trip to the breakaway turkish statelet in northern cyprus that has drawn greek cypriot ire , officials said friday .
the specter of early elections in poland has receded , the head of the powerful liberal opposition party said friday after talks with the president that aimed to calm the country 's ongoing political turmoil .
britain kicked off plans to mark the bicentenary of its abolition of the slave trade in #### on friday by launching an advisory group to help coordinate commemorations across the country .
an austrian museum on friday said it had taken down five masterpieces by gustav klimt and stored them in a safe place after an anonymous threat to destroy the paintings , due to be returned by the state to a jewish heiress .
ricco gross won the men 's world cup biathlon pursuit here on friday , the german coming in ahead of norwegian pair halvard hanevold and frode andresen .
a top world cup official said on friday the cancellation of the opening gala had nothing to do with the artistic content of andre heller , the austrian who was to direct the ##-minute show .
norway defender john arne riise has had his contract with liverpool extended until #### , the club announced on friday .
ricco gross won the men 's world cup biathlon pursuit here on friday , the german coming in ahead of norwegian pair halvard hanevold and frode andresen .
zambia 's cabinet is set to decide friday on whether to bow to opposition pressure and pass a new democratic <unk> ahead of the presidential and national elections later this year .
injured as roma captain francesco totti is doubtful for sunday 's match at udinese , the italian first division club said .
the eu 's austrian presidency is proposing to extend an existing regime for exceptionally low value added tax for specific service industries to break long-standing deadlock on the break , an austria official said friday .
gabon 's president omar bongo named jean eyeghe ndong as his new prime minister friday , the day after the veteran head of state was sworn in for another term , an official announcement said .
norway 's lutheran state church is deeply divided over the issue of same-sex partnerships , a theological report published on friday revealed , in a country where openly gay pastors are free to preach .
an israeli attempt to gain russian support for sanctions against iran 's nuclear program met with mixed results , a senior israeli official said friday following a four-day trip to moscow .
russia hopes to sell and construct between ## and ## nuclear power reactors in foreign countries over the next quarter century , the head of the russian atomic energy agency , sergei kiriyenko , said friday .
the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- on friday set up a panel to rule on a spat between the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and brazil over the latter 's ban on imports of <unk> tyres .
a chilean court on friday ruled that former dictator augusto pinochet can be tried over the activities at a notorious torture center where new president michelle bachelet was once held .
the last remaining tickets ranging in price from ## euros to ### euros went on sale friday for next month 's winter olympics in turin .
iran on friday called on the director of the international atomic energy agency to remain `` impartial '' and prevent agency `` politicisation '' regarding iran 's controversial nuclear program .
lithuania 's largest banking group seb <unk> bankas said friday its net profit in #### soared by ## percent compared with #### , reaching ### million litas -lrb- ##.# million euros , ##.# million dollars -rrb- .
russia hopes to sell and construct between ## and ## nuclear power reactors abroad over the next quarter century , the head of the russian atomic energy agency , sergei kiriyenko , said friday .
the nigerian naira is stable this week against major foreign currencies under the official dutch auction market , dealers said friday .
hibernian captain gary caldwell will join celtic at the end of the season after signing a pre-contract agreement with the scottish premier league leaders on friday .
senior political and military leaders in kosovo expressed condolences friday to bratislava over the loss of slovak peacekeepers in an airplane crash in hungary .
infineon , europe 's second-largest semi-conductors maker , said friday that it booked bottom-line loss of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the three months to december .
welshman mark mouland and england 's chris rodgers stood firm to share the second round lead in the pakistan open which is making its debut on the asian tour .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer paid tribute friday to the slovak peacekeepers who died in a plane crash while returning from duty in kosovo , saying their country could be proud of them .
italian police have conducted a series of security checks this week ahead of next month 's winter olympics , making ## arrests .
norwegian oil company statoil said friday it was planning to boost oil production this year to benefit from record-high oil prices .
russia plans to create a state-controlled holding company to consolidate and exercise control over key elements of the country 's metallurgy industry , russia 's state-owned arms export company said on friday .
the austrian presidency of the european union said friday it was `` concerned '' by a new law on non-governmental organizations , adopted by russian president vladimir putin .
poland has registered a ## percent reduction in imports of natural gas from russia , the gaz-system company , which manages polish gas pipelines , said friday .
a swedish study of ###-million-year-old fossil fish has shown that ears probably first developed as respiratory organs , one of the researchers on the project said on friday .
pakistani stocks are likely to see a technical correction next week amid expected monthly settlements of future trade , dealers said friday .
the spanish government on friday announced it was hiking the tax on tobacco from ##.## to ##.## percent as it tries to reduce consumption .
poland has registered a ## percent reduction in imports of natural gas from russia , the gaz-system company , which manages polish gas pipelines , said friday .
nigeria 's anti-graft agency efcc said friday it was looking into activities of airlines and other parastatals in the country 's troubled aviation industry that has been hit with a string of disasters in recent months .
shivnarine chanderpaul will lead the west indies on their tour of new zealand next month despite the caribbean side slumping to a #-# whitewash against australia in november .
turkey 's highest court friday overturned the decision of a lower court to allow mehmet ali agca , the man who shot pope john paul ii in #### , out of jail , media reports said .
sven-goran eriksson has launched legal action against a tabloid newspaper that tricked him into making hugely indiscreet comments about his future and a string of england stars .
us stocks went into a tailspin friday as oil prices hit a four-month high and lackluster quarterly results from general electric and citigroup highlighted investor jitters .
the government of spain 's basque country said friday it was still ready to talk to the prohibited separatist party batasuna , even though its planned congress was banned earlier this week .
ian millward , the australian rugby league coach who was sacked by st helens for swearing , has dropped his claim for wrongful dismissal against the club .
sweden and south korea shared the lead on seven-under-par ## after the first round of the women 's world cup over the gary player country club course here friday .
police are to review the files on more than #,### unsolved murders committed over nearly three decades of sectarian unrest in northern ireland , they announced friday .
british investors seeking gains next week will look to economic growth data and policy minutes from the bank of england for direction , alongside a number of trading updates , analysts said .
italy 's president on friday used his constitutional powers to block a controversial judicial reform bill of prime minister silvio berlusconi 's centre-right government aimed at curbing the powers of prosecutors , his office said .
germany 's sandra kiriasis and <unk> <unk> won the <unk> bobsleigh event here on friday , the penultimate leg of the world cup season .
the spanish government on friday announced it was hiking tax on tobacco from ##.## to ##.## percent as it battles to reduce consumption .
new european union member latvia should follow ireland 's example and invest eu funds in its people , to halt the outflow of workers from the baltic state , irish foreign minister dermot ahern said here friday .
olympic speedskating champion anni friesinger will return to action here on saturday in an effort to shake off an achilles injury which has threatened her participation in next month 's games in turin .
french president jacques chirac 's threat of a nuclear response to a terror attack drew muted reaction from other governments friday , but critics blasted it as provocative , with iran on everyone 's minds .
a us court on friday sentenced a former defense department specialist to ## years and seven months in prison for giving classified information to an israeli diplomat and two pro-israeli lobbyists .
cuba 's baseball team , the reigning olympic champions , will play in the inaugural world baseball classic in march after approval was granted here friday by the us treasury department .
thieves have demanded ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in exchange for a famous gold statuette , stolen in vienna in #### , after sending police a fragment of it , investigators said friday .
the us government said friday it expects the opec oil-producing cartel will `` do the right thing '' and plug any crude shortfalls should iran be slapped with sanctions over its nuclear drive .
nigeria skipper austin ` jay jay ' okocha on friday emerged as a major doubt for the super eagles ' opening african nations cup group d match against ghana on monday after he failed to train with the rest of the squad .
notorious british rock star pete doherty , famed for his on-off affair with supermodel kate moss , admitted four drugs charges friday , just over a week after appearing in court over similar offences .
bryan berard , a defenseman for the columbus blue jackets , received a two-year steroid ban from the us anti-doping agency here friday but will continue to play in the national hockey league .
the un security council 's sanctions committee on ivory coast is to meet formally monday to consider sanctions against individuals blocking the peace process , the un said friday .
un chief kofi annan on friday welcomed the official provisional results of last month 's iraqi general elections and pledged continued support for a democratic and united iraq .
swedish heptathlete carolina kluft said on friday she would not participate in any events this indoor season due to a risk of injury , including the ##th iaaf world indoor championships in moscow .
president viktor yushchenko on friday expressed concern about work that ukraine says russia is carrying out in disputed waters in the kerch strait , in the sea of azov , an official reported .
world champion shaun murphy slumped to defeat in the masters quarter-finals here on friday losing #-# to scotland 's john higgins .
seven presidents and a royal prince have confirmed their presence at the january ## swearing-in ceremony for new honduras president manuel zelaya , officials said friday .
egypt beat libya #-# in the opening match of the #### african nations cup here friday .
the presidents of armenia and azerbaijan have been invited to paris next month for negotiations over the disputed territory of nagorno karabakh , the armenian foreign ministry said friday .
unidentified masked gunmen gunned down two people friday at their home in russia 's turbulent province of ingushetia on the border of chechnya , ria novosti news agency said .
un chief kofi annan on monday is to kick off a european tour that will take him to switzerland , for the davos world economic forum ; the netherlands ; and london , for a conference on aid to afghanistan , his office said friday .
romanian goalkeeper bogdan <unk> signed for fiorentina on friday on loan from ajax amsterdam , the italian club said .
us attorney general alberto gonzales announced indictments friday against ## environmental and animal rights militants for alleged acts of arson and destruction in the western united states .
the dallas stars will host the #### <unk> hockey league all-star game , the team announced on friday .
hollywood starlet jessica alba will hand out a golden statuette at this year 's oscars ceremony , organisers announced on friday .
the government of the central african republic said on friday it plans to wind up the indebted state cotton firm <unk> .
former ####s teen idol leif garrett was released following his arrest last week on heroin possession charges after he agreed to enter a court-ordered rehabilitation program .
new york transit workers voted friday to reject a new three-year contract , raising fears of another crippling strike similar to that which stranded millions of commuters last month .
wall street shares went into a tailspin as investors were unsettled by a spike in crude oil futures and a disappointing set of earnings reports from key companies .
russian ice dancers tatiana navka and roman kostomarov clinched their third consecutive title at the european figure skating championships here on friday .
russian ice dancers tatiana navka and roman kostomarov clinched their third consecutive title at the european figure skating championships here on friday .
cuban president fidel castro is unable to attend the sunday swearing-in ceremony of bolivia 's new president , evo morales , havana 's ambassador said on friday .
the united states called on iraqi parties to `` work together '' and transcend sectarian divisions after final results for iraq 's elections were released on friday .
ailing former us president gerald ford remained on friday in a california hospital where he is undergoing treatment for pneumonia , his office said .
east timorese president xanana gusmao on friday presented un chief kofi annan with a long-awaited report documenting atrocities committed in his country under indonesia 's ##-year occupation .
wall street shares went into a tailspin friday as investors were rattled by a spike in crude oil futures , news about iran and disappointing earnings reports from key companies .
rebel fighters have seized six towns and villages in the turbulent eastern democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- after congolese troops apparently withdrew , officials in the area said friday .
the dollar traded slightly lower in quiet trade despite turmoil on equity markets as traders mulled a threat by iran to move reserves out of european banks the implications of canadian elections .
brooding american method actor anthony <unk> , who was once married to oscar-winning screen star shelley winters , has died , just five days after his famous ex-wife , his publicist said friday .
brazil coach carlos parreira said friday that if he could pick one foreign player to feature in his world cup squad it would be french superstar zinedine zidane .
the state department friday warned us citizens of the risks of travel to nigeria following kidnappings of foreign oil workers who include one american .
south africa are just four years away from hosting the world cup finals but the way the team are playing at the moment it is just as well that the hosts gain automatic entry .
grant hackett will not be swimming for australia at this year 's commonwealth games but he will still fill a leadership role as team captain , it was reported here saturday .
the venezuelan government friday announced it had reduced a demand for back taxes and interest against a unit of anglo-dutch oil giant royal dutch\/shell to ## million dollars .
the us army awarded a ## million dollar contract to california-based <unk> inc. to produce side inserts for body armor , the pentagon said friday .
martina hingis ' dream return to the australian open continued with another straight sets victory saturday over czech iveta benesova that took her into the fourth round .
twelfth seed anastasia myskina continued the encouraging form of russian women at the australian open saturday , moving into the fourth round with an easy straight sets victory .
the company which lays down the rebound ace hardcourts for the australian open says research debunks player criticism that they are dangerous .
play was suspended on outside courts at the australian open here saturday under the tournament 's extreme heat policy .
chad campbell fired a third-round ## here on friday to maintain his four-shot lead in the bob hope chrysler classic .
third seed amelie mauresmo of france booked her place in the fourth round of the australian open when the extreme heat on center court forced her opponent to retire .
a us high school has banned raunchy `` freak dancing '' that simulates sex after a desperate plea from a parent , a vice principal confirmed on friday .
vice president dick cheney said friday he did not believe there were close relations between iran and al-qaeda , seeming to distance himself from some earlier us administration charges .
seventh seed patty schnyder ended asia 's involvement in the singles competition at the australian open saturday with a straight sets victory over japan 's aiko nakamura .
serena and venus williams ' <unk> early exits from the australian open did not mean they were finished as a grand slam force , comeback specialist martina hingis said saturday .
tracy mcgrady returned to action for houston on friday , scoring ## points to boost the rockets in a ###-### double-overtime victory over the chicago bulls .
tony parker scored a career-high ## points on friday as the san antonio spurs shrugged off an injury to manu ginobili to post a ###-## national basketball association victory over the miami heat .
a handbag containing jewellery worth more than ###,### us dollars has been returned to a woman who left it hanging on a shopping trolley in a car park , australian police said saturday .
a communist party chief in south china has warned officials they will lose their jobs if they fail to rein land disputes that pose a growing threat to social stability , state media said saturday .
a panda couple that china has offered to taiwan as a goodwill gesture are studying the island 's local dialect to get better accustomed to their new home , state media said saturday .
marathon man dominik hrbaty came back from #-# down in the fifth set to reach the fourth round of the australian open with a gruelling win over russian igor andreev saturday .
indonesian doctors said saturday they were treating a new suspected human case of bird flu in west java province , where two children who died earlier this month tested positive for avian influenza .
the kuwaiti cabinet will meet on saturday to study constitutional procedures for possibly relieving the ailing emir of his powers , sources close to the ruling family said saturday .
indonesian workers have broken ground on the first multimillion-dollar hotel in tsunami-ravaged aceh province , which officials and investors hope will boost the local economy and create jobs .
germany 's ##st seed nicolas kiefer knocked ##th seed juan carlos ferrero of spain out of the australian open to reach the fourth round saturday .
syrian president bashar al-assad was to give a keynote speech on saturday expected to focus on domestic issues and the reform process in syria , official media reported .
sri lanka are unfazed by the latest efforts of pace bowling sensation brett lee and will face australia in sunday 's one-day triangular series match boosted by the return of opener sanath jayasuriya , coach tom moody said .
iran on saturday dismissed as `` baseless '' remarks by israeli defense minister shaul mofaz accusing iran and syria of being behind a suicide bombing in tel aviv that wounded ## people .
troubled airline alitalia was forced to cancel ### flights saturday and warned of delays on other international and internal services as cabin crew and pilots continued industrial action .
the father of a leading anti-syrian journalist and mp murdered last month has taken his son 's seat in the lebanese parliament , the interior ministry announced saturday .
second seed kim clijsters overcame a nagging hip injury to romp into the australian open fourth round with an emphatic straight sets win over italian roberta vinci saturday .
the world health organisation has confirmed that two children from indonesia 's west java province died from bird flu , bringing the death toll in the country to ## , a health official said saturday .
nepalese police on saturday rounded up hundreds of protesters and fired tear gas during running clashes in central kathmandu with activists demonstrating against king gyanendra .
western russia remained in the grip of extreme cold temperatures saturday , with five people freezing to death in the capital overnight and authorities struggling to keep ageing heating systems operational across the country .
jubilant or angry , turkish newspapers on saturday all hailed the court decision to send mehmet ali agca , the man who tried to kill pope john paul ii , back to jail after just eight days of freedom .
<unk> swirled on saturday over whether iran was shifting funds out of europe due to fears of economic sanctions , as a deputy head of the central bank denied that such a transfer was taking place .
eu jobs ministers meeting in this southern austrian city largely snubbed a reception friday held in their honor by the country 's veteran radical-right leader joerg haider , who is also governor of the region .
president bashar al-assad returned to the offensive on saturday over syria 's ties with lebanon , saying the deterioration in relations between beirut and syria was due to a `` global plot '' against the arab world .
heavy snow , gusty winds and freezing cold continued to cause chaos across northern europe on saturday , disrupting air , road , ferry and rail traffic and even affecting royals trying to get to the christening of denmark 's new prince in copenhagen .
denmark 's new prince , the son of australian-born princess mary and danish crown prince frederik , was christened in copenhagen on saturday and three months after his birth finally received a name .
us health experts visiting turkey have praised ankara 's efforts to combat an outbreak of bird flu in the country that has already infected ## people , including four who have died .
russian fifth seed nikolay davydenko defeated australian wildcard nathan healey in the third round of the australian open saturday .
michael walchhofer of austria won the men 's world cup downhill here on saturday ahead of marco <unk> of <unk> and daron rahlves of the united states .
ailing kuwaiti emir sheikh saad al-abdullah al-sabah officially asked to take the oath of office on sunday , parliament speaker jassem al-khorafi said saturday .
president bashar al-assad said saturday that the road to reform in syria is a long one but that the government is working to introduce change as fast as conditions permit .
the president of kosovo ibrahim rugova died saturday of lung cancer , his office said .
pakistan were ###-# at stumps on the first day of the second cricket test against india at the iqbal stadium here on saturday .
un secretary general kofi annan on saturday wished the palestinian people progress on the path toward peace as legislative elections loom .
india 's largest carrier jet airways reported saturday its net profit slid by ## per cent during the third quarter due to higher fuel costs and competition in the country 's cut-throat aviation market .
germany 's kati wilhelm won the women 's biathlon world cup ##kms pursuit race here on saturday ahead of sandrine bailly of france and albina <unk> of russia .
canada 's beckie scott won the women 's nordic skiing world cup pursuit race here on saturday ahead of germany 's claudia <unk> and katerina neumannova of the czech republic .
roger federer was in sublime touch as he brushed aside max mirnyi of belarus to waltz into the fourth round of the australian open saturday .
kuwait 's cabinet decided saturday to start consitutional procedures to remove ailing emir sheikh saad al-abdullah al-sabah , an official government statement said .
triple champion martina hingis stormed into the australian open fourth round saturday , overcoming extreme heat to join roger federer , kim clijsters and amelie mauresmo who all had easy wins .
germans patric leitner and alexander resch won the european two-man luge title here on saturday ahead of compatriots sebastian schmidt and andre <unk> and italian pair christian oberstolz and patrick gruber .
michaela dorfmeister of austria won the women 's world cup downhill here on saturday ahead of compatriot renate gotschl and <unk> kostelic of croatia .
an international group of muslim scholars threatened saturday to call for a boycott of danish and norwegian products following the publication of cartoons they deemed offensive to their religion .
englishman chris rodgers blazed the course as he continued to lead the third round of the ###,### dollar pakistan open on saturday .
michaela dorfmeister of austria won the women 's world cup downhill here on saturday ahead of compatriot renate gotschl and janica kostelic of croatia .
ivory coast beat morocco #-# in an african nations cup group a match here saturday .
china 's wang manli won the women 's ###m sprint at the world speed-skating championships here on saturday .
germans andre lange and kevin kuske won the two-man bobsleigh title at the european championships here on saturday .
the united nations chief mediator in kosovo martti ahtisaari offered his `` deepest condolences '' to the family of kosovo president ibrahim rugova who died saturday of lung cancer , calling for `` calm '' and continued negotiations in the province .
germany 's tobias angerer won the men 's #.## km pursuit race at the nordic skiing world cup meeting here on saturday .
croatian president stipe mesic paid tribute on saturday to the `` political wisdom '' of his kosovo counterpart ibrahim rugova who died of lung cancer , stressing it would have been needed in upcoming talks on the serbian province 's future status .
james beattie put the boot into arsenal 's hopes of playing host to champions league football in their new stadium next season by firing everton to their fourth consecutive premiership win on saturday .
eu foreign policy chief javier solana called on the leaders of kosovo to show `` unity and responsibility '' following the death saturday of the province 's president , ibrahim rugova .
pope benedict xvi on saturday named a new apostolic nuncio in israel , antonio franco , who will also represent the vatican in the palestinian territories and on the island of cyprus , the vatican said .
here are pivotal dates for kosovo since the end of the ####-#### war between ethnic albanian separatists and belgrade forces .
an international fund to help hiv-infected libyan children , whose plight originally led to death sentences on five bulgarian nurses , was set up in tripoli on saturday but without a cash figure being settled .
ukraine 's oleg lisogor established a new world record in the men 's ##m breaststroke here on saturday with a time of ##.## sec at the short course world cup .
sweden , with annika sorenstam hitting great <unk> and partner liselotte neumann putting like a magician , took the lead after the second day of the women 's world cup of golf over the gary player country club course here saturday .
heavy fighting between democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- troops and rebel fighters in the eastern part of the country has forced over #,### civilians to flee to uganda , an army spokesman said saturday .
turkish firms selling petroleum products to neighboring iraq have decided to halt shipments due to mounting arrears in payments by baghdad , the anatolia news agency reported saturday .
five russian federal soldiers have been killed in a fresh spate of attacks and <unk> by chechen separatist rebels , the pro-moscow administration said saturday .
pakistan told the united states saturday that the two countries must work together to prevent incidents like the recent us missile attack in its tribal area that killed ## people .
cameroon beat angola #-# in an african nations cup group b match here saturday .
un chief kofi annan called on political leaders of kosovo to maintain unity after the death of president ibrahim rugova at a `` crucial moment '' for the province .
iraqi president jalal talabani and kurdish regional president massud barzani on saturday signed an agreement that paves the way for a single administration to run their autonomous northern region .
russian star yevgeny plushenko won his fifth men 's title at the european figure skating championship here on saturday .
mexican striker jared <unk> finally opened his premiership account for bolton as sam allardyce 's men claimed an impressive #-# win over manchester city on saturday .
birmingham city gave themselves hope of avoiding the drop with a #-# thrashing of relegation rivals portsmouth at st andrews here saturday .
controversial american documentary filmmaker michael moore bemoaned an apparent right turn by liberal northern neighbor canada in its upcoming general election .
two british mountain climbers were found dead saturday in italy 's val <unk> region after having fallen for a still unknown reason , mountain rescue services said .
the issue of same-sex marriage is open for debate in maryland , after a judge in the eastern us state rejected a state law banning such unions .
the olympic games men 's downhill course could be shortened because of a lack of snow at the sestrieres site in turin , the international ski federation -lrb- fis -rrb- said on saturday .
the lost whale that swam up the river thames into central london died saturday while on a barge that was trying to save it and eventually return it to the wild , a top rescue worker said .
sunderland gained only their second premiership success of the season thanks to a #-# win over west brom at the hawthorns here saturday .
russian natural gas deliveries to croatia dropped some seven percent on saturday , national television reported quoting the country 's ina gas and oil company .
a suicide car bomber has killed two us marines in western iraq , the military said on saturday .
a powerful faction of the somali parliament on saturday unanimously allowed speaker sharif hassan sheikh adan to convene a parliamentary session inside the shattered horn of africa nation in a bid to unify the fractured transitional government , officials said .
democratic republic of congo beat togo #-# in an african nations cup group b match here saturday .
former napoli and juventus defender ciro ferrara has joined italy 's backroom staff and will assist coach marcello lippi at this summer 's world cup in germany , the italian football federation said saturday .
french international center thomas castaignede faces a six nations fitness battle after suffering a thigh injury in saracens ' ##-## european cup defeat at biarritz on saturday .
russian president vladimir putin is to visit algeria in march , his national security chief , igor ivanov , said in algiers on saturday .
the price of gas will go down from ## dollars -lrb- ##.# euros -rrb- per oil baril equivalent currently to between ## and ## dollars , a top executive with russia 's <unk> gas giant gazprom , the world 's top gas producer , told a german newspaper in an interview to be published sunday .
olympic speedskating champion anni friesinger , who is facing one of her toughest races in a bid to shake off injury before the turin games , sparkled in her comeback training session here saturday .
togo 's star player emmanuel adebayor refused to play in the opening african nations cup match against dr congo , the team 's coach said on saturday .
a brigade of canadian soldiers readied to fly to afghanistan this weekend in the first phase of a new military deployment that will top #,### men in february , officials told afp saturday .
a leading member of britain 's opposition liberal democrats resigned from his party post saturday after a scandal emerged over an affair with a male prostitute .
supermodel kate moss 's lawyers are arranging for her to be questioned by police investigating allegations she used cocaine , a spokesman for the model said saturday .
ginger mccain is relishing the idea of bowing out from the training ranks at the age of ## on a high with a fifth grand national triumph .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice expressed her condolences on saturday over the death of kosovo president ibrahim rugova , saying washington had lost a `` great friend '' and kosovo had lost a `` great leader .
the charlotte bobcats suffered another injury blow on saturday when forward gerald wallace was sidelined indefinitely with a bruised bone in his left leg .
the new york mets dealt right-handed pitcher kris benson to baltimore on saturday in exchange for set-up man jorge julio and righthander john maine .
morocco and turkey are set to sign an accord next week pledging to deepen cooperation in fighting terrorism and organised crime , moroccan justice minister mohamed <unk> said on saturday .
osama bin laden has unwittingly shot an obscure book by a radical washington historian into one of the nation 's best sellers by recommending it in his latest verbal attack on the united states .
two us miners were found dead saturday by rescuers after a fire swept through a west virginia coal mine , as local political leaders urged stricter safety standards for the coal industry .
us rockers bon jovi escaped injury early saturday when their private boeing ### jet skidded off a runway at hamilton airport , west of toronto , in a severe rain storm , officials said .
chad campbell fired his fourth straight round in the ##s on saturday but saw his lead dwindle to one stroke over scott verplank with one round to play in the bob hope chrysler classic .
play was suspended on outside courts at the australian open here sunday as temperatures soared towards a forecast ## celsius -lrb- ### fahrenheit -rrb- .
arsenal have insisted their ## million pounds capture capture of teenage striker theo walcott is `` bullet-proof '' , despite a potential loophole which leaves the door open for another club to sign the ##-year-old .
meek and compliant during the era of yasser arafat , the palestinian parliament is increasingly becoming a thorn in the side of the government .
the tokyo stock market dramatically nosedived wednesday , wiping out ### billion dollars in japanese firms ' market value in a matter of hours after a scandal emerged at internet pioneer livedoor .
comeback queen martina hingis has firmed to second favorite with australian bookies to win the australian open as punters back her dream of a winning a fourth title at melbourne park .
chad campbell fired his fourth straight round in the ##s on saturday but saw his lead dwindle to one stroke over scott verplank with one round to play in the bob hope chrysler classic .
former us president gerald ford remained on saturday in a california hospital where he is being treated for pneumonia but his condition is improving , his office said .
justine henin-hardenne turned on the power to reach the australian open quarter-finals with a straight sets victory over spain 's virginie ruano pascual sunday .
top seed lindsay davenport coasted into the australian open quarter-finals sunday with a #-# , #-# drubbing of former us open champion svetlana kuznetsova .
a man died early sunday when he tried to bomb the main tax offices in the southern french town of aix-en-provence , police and firemen said .
sri lanka won the toss and chose to bat first in their triangular series limited overs cricket match against australia at the sydney cricket ground on sunday .
economic indicators for the eurozone released this week will show that business confidence stabilised in january following gains at the end of last year , economists said .
oil prices which are near historic highs above ## dollars a barrel , more than triple their level of four years ago , are being pushed up by a combination of geopolitical and technical factors .
mexico 's martin castillo won a ##-round split decision over venezuela 's alexander munoz here saturday to retain his world boxing association super flyweight title .
guyana 's government on saturday ordered the army to protect a fragile dam at a major reservoir after vandals burnt a floodgate , authorities said .
argentine fourth seed david nalbandian won through to his fourth consecutive australian open quarter-final with a four-set win over tommy robredo sunday .
former boxing world heavyweight contender david tua has been accused of taking a banned drug before big fights , according to court documents which surfaced here sunday amid a public row between tua and his sacked manager .
manny pacquiao stopped erik morales in the ##th round of a super featherweight eliminator here saturday , avenging his defeat last march with an impressive display of speed and power .
saudi king abdullah arrived in china sunday to begin a four-day visit in which he will discuss oil and energy security with leaders of the world 's top oil consuming nation .
american second seed andy roddick was knocked out of the australian open in the fourth round by unseeded cypriot marcos baghdatis sunday .
more police on the beaches and forcing children to sing the national anthem at school were among a series of moves announced sunday in a bid to avoid a repeat of last month 's race riots in sydney .
china and australia signed an agreement sunday that will involve chinese tennis players being trained down under as part of the drive to develop the sport in the communist country .
us treasury officials have arrived in seoul to discuss north korea 's alleged money counterfeiting and laundering activities , which prompted washington to impose tough sanctions , officials said sunday .
a local police commander was killed and another policeman injured when suspected taliban rebels ambushed their vehicle in southern afghanistan , a provincial governor said sunday .
israel gave permission sunday for the first time for journalists to interview marwan barghuti , the jailed leader of the palestinian uprising who is standing for election to parliament this week .
sri lanka made ###-# off ## overs in their triangular series limited overs cricket match against australia at the sydney cricket ground on sunday .
chris kunitz scored in the first minute and jean-sebastien giguere stopped ## shots for the shutout to lead the anaheim mighty ducks to a #-# win over the florida panthers on saturday .
a weekend clash between maoist rebels and nepalese security forces has left ## rebels , five soldiers and one police officer dead , the army said sunday .
veteran batsman sanath jayasuriya <unk> ### off ## balls to power sri lanka to a formidable ###-# in their triangular series limited-overs match against australia at the sydney cricket ground on sunday .
a helicopter chartered by the international red cross for earthquake relief operations in pakistan has gone missing with seven people on board , an icrc spokesman said sunday .
iran on sunday denounced a forthcoming emergency meeting of the un 's nuclear watchdog as `` political '' but said it was not worried about the crisis over its disputed atomic drive ending up at the security council .
veteran frenchman fabrice santoro reached his first grand slam quarter-final in ## years with victory over spanish ##th seed david ferrer at the australian open sunday .
portuguese polling stations opened sunday in a presidential election in which former centre-right prime minister anibal cavaco silva enjoys a wide lead over his five left-wing challengers .
iraq has increased crude oil exports to about #.## million barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- following resumption of pumping in the north of the country to the turkish ceyhan terminal , an oil official said sunday .
australian ace robbie mcewen has called on world cycling chiefs to get their house in order ahead of anticipated negotiations this week aimed at resolving months of turmoil in the sport .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted taiwan sunday , the national seismology center said , but there were no reports of casualties or damage .
two explosions ripped through russia 's main natural gas supply pipeline to armenia and georgia sunday , halting supplies to the two caucasus countries for possibly several days , russian officials said .
pakistan were all out for ### in their first innings on the second day of the second test against india here sunday .
an independent taiwanese parliamentarian has displayed his political clout by hosting ##,### people at a wedding banquet for his son .
canada is the second-largest country in the world in geographic terms with a population of ##.# million people scattered across six time zones , mostly along its southern border with the united states .
premiership side west ham were set on sunday to announce the signing of striker dean ashton from norwich city for a fee of over # million pounds -lrb- ## million euros -rrb- .
seven people were wanted for questioning in nigeria sunday for suspected complicity in the attempted murder of the boss of a state agency fighting fake drugs in the country .
sudanese president omar el-beshir said sunday his government was committed to peace in troubled darfur as he signed up to an african program to rate khartoum 's progress on good governance .
italy 's centre-left opposition is six points ahead of president berlusconi 's ruling conservatives , according to a new opinion poll on sunday on voting intentions in the forthcoming general election .
indonesia 's armed forces chief on sunday rejected the findings of a report that alleges his country 's ##-year occupation of east timor caused the deaths of up to ###,### people .
iran 's central bank and foreign ministry on sunday repeated denials the islamic republic was moving its foreign currency reserves out of europe amid rising tensions over its nuclear program .
english premiership giants manchester united are set on monday to announce a ##.# million pounds -lrb- ##million euros -rrb- drop in annual profits to ##million pounds -lrb- ##million euros -rrb- , chief executive david gill said .
the us military has released an iraqi journalist working for the reuters news agency , the company 's third local employee to be set free after months of detention without charge .
three more people froze to death in moscow , two died in a fire in estonia and a man died of exposure in turkey as eastern and central europe were in the grips of siberian temperatures sunday .
norway 's ole einar <unk> won the biathlon world cup ##km race here on sunday ahead of <unk> <unk> of france and frode andresen of norway .
georgian president mikhail saakashvili accused russia on sunday of being behind two explosions on the main gas supply pipeline to georgia and armenia .
outbreaks of deadly anthrax exacerbated by a searing drought that has hit east africa has killed scores of rare <unk> 's zebras in kenya and is threatening the endangered species with extinction , wildlife officials and scientists said sunday .
palestinian security forces are to be placed on maximum alert ahead of wednesday 's parliamentary election in order to ensure the vote proceeds smoothly , the interior ministry said sunday .
the movie version of best-selling book `` the da vinci code '' , directed by ron howard , will open the cannes film festival on may ## , two days before its worldwide release , the organisers said in a statement .
a united states team led by todd hays won the world cup four-man bobsleigh race here on sunday .
india , replying to pakistan 's first innings total of ### , were ### for one at stumps on the second day of the second cricket test here on sunday .
american chris dimarco , playing in his first ever regular european tour event won the first ever abu dhabi golf championship here on sunday in impressive style .
american chris dimarco , playing in his first ever regular european tour event won the first ever abu dhabi golf championship here on sunday in impressive style .
two explosions that ripped through russia 's main natural gas supply pipeline to armenia and georgia sunday were most likely acts of sabotage , a spokesman for the russian deputy prosecutor 's office said .
the death of president ibrahim rugova has left a political vacuum in kosovo that many believe will be hard to fill .
iranian officials on sunday held talks with radical iraqi shiite cleric moqtada sadr , a prominent opponent of us forces , with tehran using the visit to repeat its call for foreign troops to quit iraq .
celebrations for the ###th anniversary of the swiss guard began in the sistine chapel on sunday with a mass , followed by a papal blessing for ## men in saint peter 's square .
a young woman who recently returned from turkey has been hospitalised in southern france amid fears she could be suffering from bird flu , the health ministry said sunday .
six iraqi women detainees are to be released by the us military within a week , an iraqi justice ministry official said sunday .
jean-pierre vidal of france won the men 's world cup slalom here on sunday ahead of austrians reinfried herbst and benjamin raich .
a new cricket body was formed in kenya on sunday following the decision to dissolve the old kenya cricket association -lrb- kca -rrb- , which had been hit by financial scandals and mismanagement , officials said .
the un envoy for sudan on sunday urged darfur rebels and khartoum officials taking part in <unk> peace talks to strike a deal by the end of february .
an explosion blew up a power pylon in southern russia on sunday , causing supplies to be cut to neighbouring georgia , an official at russia 's emergency situations ministry said after earlier blasts on a major natural gas supply pipeline .
finland 's marcus gronholm in a ford focus rs won the monte carlo rally , the opening leg of the world rally championship season , here on sunday .
global sales in certified organic food products hit ##.# billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- in #### , with double digit growth the united states and germany , the world 's top two markets .
hundreds of pakistani tribesmen held a protest in a northwestern tribal region sunday against a us air strike that killed ## people , including four al-qaeda militants , police and witnesses said .
south africa 's main opposition party sunday turned up the heat on president thabo mbeki on the eve of an african union summit to be held in khartoum , saying he must prevent sudan from leading the pan-african body .
janica kostelic of croatia won the women 's world cup super-combined here on sunday ahead of anja paerson of sweden and lindsey c kildow of the united states .
turkmenistan 's airline is making constant efforts to contact a helicopter that went missing in afghanistan with seven turkmen crew while participating in pakistan 's earthquake relief effort , the airline said sunday .
a us interrogator was convicted of negligent homicide for the death of an iraqi general who suffocated after his head was stuffed into a sleeping bag , a military spokesman said sunday .
chris rodgers of england claimed his maiden asian tour title with a victory at the ###,###-dollar pakistan open on sunday .
an israeli helicopter strike destroyed a civilian car in gaza city on sunday , security sources said .
norway 's <unk> <unk> won the men 's nordic skiing world cup classic-style sprint here on sunday ahead of compatriot johan <unk> and russia 's vasili rotchev .
finland 's hannu manninen won the nordic combined world cup event here on sunday ahead of german pair <unk> kircheisen and georg hettich .
three skiiers have died in separate accidents in the swiss alps , local police said sunday .
the sole survivor from the crash of a slovakian military aircraft in northeastern hungary which killed ## peacekeeping troops , officers and crew has emerged from his coma , doctors said sunday .
unions from troubled italian airline alitalia on sunday suspended a disruptive strike ahead of a meeting with the government to try to resolve their dispute over working conditions .
russia 's svetlana <unk> captured the women 's world speed-skating title here on sunday , with china 's wang manli and chiara <unk> of italy taking silver and bronze .
sweden 's annika sorenstam and liselotte neumann won the women 's world cup of golf at the gary player country club course here on sunday .
steven spielberg hit back at critics of his latest film `` munich '' about the targeted killing of palestinians behind the massacre of israelis during the #### olympics , in an interview to be published monday ahead of the picture 's german and israeli release .
russia 's foreign ministry dismissed as ` hysterical ' georgian claims that moscow was behind explosions sunday on the main russian gas pipeline to the caucasus country .
iran 's top national security official ali larijani on sunday denied allegations that the islamic republic had acquired advanced centrifuges on the black market for its nuclear program .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe left harare sunday for khartoum to attend a summit of the african union which has already been blighted by opposition to sudan 's leadership of the continental body .
german police said sunday they had broken up two concerts by far-right acts and seized hundreds of compact discs , some of them bearing nazi swastikas or images of adolf hitler on the cover .
the palestinian public prosecutor on sunday decided to close down a television station belonging to the radical islamic hamas movement , just days ahead of crunch general elections .
un peacekeepers and government troops have restored calm to all but one of six towns and villages seized last week by rebels in the restive eastern democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- , officials said sunday .
sweden , represented by world no # annika sorenstam and liselotte neumann , won the second edition of the women 's world cup of golf here sunday , but only after a <unk> day .
joey cheek of the united states won the men 's world speed-skating title here on sunday .
substitute aiden mcgeady was the driving force behind celtic 's #-# win away to motherwell at fir park on sunday which left the glasgow giants ## points clear at the top of the scottish premier league .
an istanbul court has dropped charges of `` denigrating the turkish national identity '' filed against prominent author <unk> pamuk over his writings about the mass killings of armenians during world war i , cnn-turk television reported sunday .
us lawmaker on sunday urged the us administration to raise the domestic terror alert level , following new threats by al-qaeda leader osama bin laden .
south korea striker jung-hwan ahn is poised to quit french club metz and sign for german bundesliga outfit duisburg , a club official reported .
leftist evo morales was inaugurated sunday as bolivia 's first indigenous president , taking the oath of office before world leaders at a special ceremony .
us president george w. bush will meet lebanon 's parliamentary majority leader saad hariri -- the son of murdered former premier rafiq hariri -- during a visit to the united states this week , an aide to the mp said on sunday .
french and german leaders jacques chirac and angela merkel meet monday in the historic town of versailles outside paris , where discussions are expected to focus on the future of the eu after last year 's rejection of the bloc 's proposed constitution .
last year saw big advances and key legal victories in the record industry 's fight against massive illegal internet peer-to-peer -lrb- <unk> -rrb- file-sharing , the head of the world recording industry association , the ifpi , said sunday .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko is to seek reforms to his country 's new constitution , which came into effect on january # and limits his powers , his office said sunday .
polling stations closed sunday in mainland portugal in a presidential election in which former centre-right prime minister anibal cavaco silva enjoys a wide lead over his five left-wing challengers .
unknown gunmen shot and killed three former somali military and police officers killed over the weekend in separate incidents in the country 's lawless capital mogadishu , in what is believed to <unk> violence , police said on sunday .
kenya 's former anti-graft chief has raised a furore with damning corruption allegations against the country 's current vice-president and two powerful cabinet ministers , officials and diplomats said sunday .
russian goalie nikolai khabibulin could miss the turin olympics after he suffered a sprained knee in a national hockey league game on friday .
guinea beat south africa #-# in an african nations cup group c match here on sunday .
a people-smugglers ' boat carrying about ### ethiopians and somalis capsized near the yemen coast leaving at least ## people dead and ## missing , the united nations refugee agency said sunday .
deportivo la coruna 's spanish international midfielder juan carlos valeron will miss the rest of the season after injuring his left knee in the #-# draw with real mallorca on sunday .
afghan foreign minister abdullah abdullah on sunday cautioned against the use of nuclear arms against terrorism , after french president jacques chirac 's threat of a nuclear response to terror strikes .
an ##th century painting of the american revolution leader george washington sold for ##.# million at a new york auction , setting a new record for a us portrait going under the hammer , according to christie 's auction house .
poland and the united states will meet march # in a friendly at kaiserslautern , germany , that gives the americans an advance look at the pitch upon which they will face italy in a world cup first-round match .
dutch authorities have seized ## kilogrammes of pure cocaine in <unk> airport , police said sunday .
two-time olympic medallist valeri bure will miss the rest of the ####-## national hockey league season due to a hip injury .
everton 's australian midfielder tim cahill has been ruled out of next weekend 's fa cup fourth round clash against chelsea because of suspension .
ben roethlisberger threw for two touchdowns and ran for another as pittsburgh capped a cinderella run to the super bowl with a ##-## playoff victory over denver here sunday .
the vampire thriller `` underworld : evolution '' rose to the top of the north american box office over the weekend , while `` brokeback mountain '' gained five spots after its golden globes triumph , early figures showed sunday .
pittsburgh capped a cinderella playoff run to the super bowl here sunday with ben roethlisberger throwing for two touchdowns and running for another to spark the steelers past denver ##-## .
canada 's cindy klassen improved her own world points record on sunday as the north american qualifiers for the world all-around long track speed skating championships concluded here .
british prime minister tony blair will travel to dublin on thursday for talks with his irish counterpart bertie ahern about restoring a power-sharing government in northern ireland , a government statement said on sunday .
andre iguodala made a leaping ##-foot follow shot at the buzzer here sunday to seal philadelphia 's ##-## victory minnesota in the national basketball association .
third seed amelie mauresmo powered into the australian open quarter-finals monday , dropping just two games in a straight sets demolition of czech nicole vaidisova .
australia 's pat rafter and argentina 's gabriela sabatini have been elected to the international tennis hall of fame , it was announced monday .
tokyo stocks opened sharply lower monday , hit by the steepest plunge on wall street in nearly three years , brokers said .
nato and us-led coalition forces in afghanistan were due to resume monday searching for a helicopter with seven turkmen crew on board that went missing en route home after quake relief work in pakistan .
wigan may be on the brink of their first major cup final appearance in the club 's ##-year history but manager paul jewell insists arsenal will be the favorites to win their league cup last four clash at highbury on tuesday even though the <unk> hold a #-# first leg lead .
hong kong gold prices opened slightly lower monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
chief rivals fatah and hamas were making a last pitch for votes on monday , the final day of campaigning in the palestinian election whose outcome promises to have a profound impact on the middle east peace process .
the election of a new palestinian parliament is likely to herald the end of ahmed qorei 's tenure as prime minister , with a raft of contenders waiting in the wings to step into his post .
australian share prices followed the lead set by wall street , dropping #.## percent in midday trade monday as investors opted to take some money off the table after a record breaking run , dealers said .
hong kong share prices opened sharply lower , falling #.## percent after heavy losses on wall street following a fresh rise in oil prices and a disappointing batch of us corporate earnings , dealers said .
opposition activists were detained in minsk as they were gathering signatures to register their leader as candidate for belarus 's march presidential vote , one of them told afp by telephone .
suspected tamil tiger rebels set off a powerful landmine in eastern sri lanka monday , killing three soldiers and wounding two , the military said .
oil prices were higher in asian trade monday on continued worries over security and political tensions in key producers nigeria and iran , dealers said .
tracy mcgrady scored ## points but he could n't lift the houston rockets past the national basketball <unk> detroit pistons here sunday .
germany 's nicolas kiefer defeated argentine juan ignacio chela in straight sets to advance to the quarter-finals of the australian open monday .
a total of ### journalists were killed last year in wars , assassinations , natural disasters and accidents while on duty , the international federation of journalists -lrb- ifj -rrb- said monday .
the dollar fell against major currencies in asian trade monday after a sharp fall on wall street as the market holds its breath for us gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- data out this week , dealers said .
fashion 's most luxurious and sumptuous sector takes center stage here on monday , when design heavyweights kick off three days of spring-summer haute couture shows .
pittsburgh completed an improbable road sweep of top seeds and seattle achieved a dream ## years in the making , each team winning lopsided playoff triumphs sunday to book a super bowl ## showdown .
freddy adu became the youngest footballer to play for the us men 's team on sunday , but his appearance as a substitute had no effect as the us played to a #-# draw against canada in an international friendly .
forget new-age remedies or hormone replacement therapy -- new research in hong kong says the best way to stay youthful is to improve your social life .
portraits of the four main parties contesting canada 's general election on monday .
president fidel castro on sunday invited us citizens too poor to afford eye care to come to his communist country for treatment .
the sound of fireworks returned to beijing with a loud bang over the weekend after a ##-year sales ban was lifted ahead of the lunar new year .
pittsburgh completed an improbable road sweep of top seeds and seattle achieved a dream ## years in the making , each team winning lopsided playoff triumphs sunday to book a super bowl ## showdown .
swiss seventh seed patty schnyder brushed aside former french open champion anastasia myskina to book an australian open quarter-final berth in easy fashion monday .
likud party chief benjamin netanyahu said sunday he was prepared to make territorial concessions within the framework of peace arrangements with the palestinians .
china and saudi arabia are expected to sign an agreement on energy cooperation monday during a milestone visit by saudi king abdullah that both sides hope will usher in a new chapter of closer relations .
a fire which devastated a village house in south-western siberia killed four , local emergency ministry officials said early monday .
suspected maoist rebels gunned down a royalist election candidate in broad daylight near his office in southeastern nepal , police said monday .
a school janitor was shot dead early monday in a drive-by shooting by suspected islamic militants in thailand 's restive southern provinces , police said .
fifth seed nikolay davydenko made his second consecutive australian open quarter-final monday with a come-from-behind five set victory over slovakia 's dominik hrbaty .
hong kong share prices closed the morning session monday sharply lower , falling #.## percent after heavy losses on wall street friday and as oil prices rose past ## dollars a barrel , dealers said .
new zealand 's chris cairns announced his retirement from all international cricket monday , putting an end to a stellar career spanning ## years as one of his country 's finest all-rounders .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted taiwan monday , the national seismology center said , but there were no reports of casualties or damage .
sebastien grosjean came out on top of the all-french last ## clash against paul-henri mathieu at the australian open monday , winning in straight sets .
only new zealand and five northern european countries have achieved ## percent success on key environmental goals such as on clean drinking water , low ozone levels and low greenhouse-gas emissions , a study by two us universities found , the new york times reported monday .
australia have continued their policy of resting senior players , announcing here monday that captain ricky ponting would be given a break from the triangular one-day series against sri lanka and south africa .
managers at china 's major state-owned enterprises -lrb- soes -rrb- will be allowed to hold stakes in their own firms , the government said monday in an easing of restrictions introduced last year .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said monday his family has sold its controlling stake in shin corp , the telecom giant he founded , to a singaporean firm .
struggling garuda indonesia said its losses narrowed in #### due to improved cost efficiencies but earnings were hard-hit by bombings on bali and high oil prices .
wholesale prices rose a lower-than-expected #.# percent in the december quarter in a further sign that inflation is under control in australia , new data showed on monday .
dominik hrbaty 's fatigued body finally had enough as he slumped to defeat in his fourth straight five-setter , against nikolay davydenko at the australian open monday .
south korean share prices fell #.## percent monday to a two-month low , with sentiment hurt by weak us and japanese markets and rising oil prices , dealers said .
with just ## hours to go before the resumption of the trial of ousted iraqi leader saddam hussein , efforts were still underway to convince the outgoing chief judge to reverse his resignation , a senior court official said monday .
second seed kim clijsters survived a dogged challenge from italian <unk> schiavone to reach the australian open quarter-finals monday .
ray allen sank the game-winner for seattle sunday as the supersonics beat phoenix ###-### in the highest-scoring national basketball association game in ## years .
south korean share prices closed down sharply monday , falling #.## percent to a two-month low , with sentiment hurt by weak us and japanese markets and rising oil prices , dealers said .
a powerful bomb exploded near the iranian embassy in baghdad monday , sending a plume of black smoke in the sky .
the singles campaign might have sunk , but asia 's doubles hopes remained afloat monday with at least seven pairings featuring a regional player winning .
the kuwaiti government has submitted a letter to parliament to start constitutional procedures to remove the oil-rich state 's ailing emir , parliament speaker jassem al-khorafi told afp monday .
two us airmen have been killed and one wounded by a roadside bomb in iraq , the military said monday .
african leaders opened a summit in khartoum on monday dominated by a controversial bid from host country sudan to head the african union .
russia 's intelligence service said monday that it had uncovered a spying ring involving four diplomats from the british embassy .
the european electronics giant philips posted monday #### net profit of #.## billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- , up slightly from #.## billion one year earlier .
a roadside bomb exploded near an afghan and us military convoy monday in the troubled southern city of kandahar , damaging a vehicle but causing no casualties , officials said .
a senior chinese official has warned the nation 's religious leaders to obey the ruling communist party and guard against foreigners using religion to `` infiltrate '' china , state press said monday .
hong kong gold prices closed lower monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollar .
bangladesh is ready to cooperate with the united states on counter-terrorism measures following a series of deadly blasts linked to a banned islamic group , a report said monday quoting foreign minister m. morshed khan .
deliveries of russian gas to poland are running ## percent below the contracted levels , the economy ministry said here monday .
the ruling palestinian fatah faction has an eight-point lead over the radical islamists of hamas <unk> to a poll published monday on the last day of parliamentary campaigning .
nato forces in afghanistan on monday scaled down a search for a helicopter with seven turkmen crew that went missing late last week on its way home after wrapping up pakistan quake relief work .
hong kong share prices closed sharply lower monday , down #.## percent , following heavy falls on wall street and on renewed concerns over rising oil prices , dealers said .
us and philippine troops have gone on a medical mission on a southern island that is a base for al-qaeda linked militants ahead of a large-scale deployment next month , officials said monday .
the party of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo said on monday it was rejoining the transitional government it had quit last week in a spat over a un-backed peace group 's call for parliament to step down .
a provincial assembly in islamist-ruled northwest pakistan demanded the expulsion of the us ambassador monday , after a cia air strike killed ## civilians in a remote border village .
ex-soviet georgia scrambled monday to secure gas supplies after an explosion blamed on sabotage disrupted the main russian pipeline , sparking accusations in the impoverished country that moscow is using the energy card to bully a neighbor .
kobe bryant scored a stunning ## points - the second most in national basketball association history - in the los angeles lakers ' ###-### victory over toronto on sunday .
an israeli court on monday heard arguments over the sentencing of omri sharon , the son of stricken prime minister ariel sharon , who faces possible prison after pleading guilty to corruption charges .
ousted iraqi leader saddam hussein blasted `` iranian meddling '' in iraq during a five-hour jailhouse meeting with his lawyers , one of his defense attorneys said in statements published monday .
world oil prices surged briefly above ## dollars per barrel on monday as markets kept a close watch over supply developments in the middle east and africa .
the body of kosovo president ibrahim rugova , who died of cancer at the weekend , lay in state monday at the parliament of the un-administered province for citizens to pay their last respects ahead of thursday 's funeral .
the bird flu crisis that has gripped turkey appears to be fading , with no new cases reported in nearly a week and several infected people staging recoveries , authorities said monday .
glacial cold sweeping poland killed ## people over the weekend , bringing to ### the number who have died this winter , police said monday , as temperatures remained well below zero .
malaysia 's highest islamic authority on monday banned muslims from taking part in a `` satanic heavy metal cult '' , calling the musical genre un-islamic .
the norwegian oil services company seadrill said monday that it had gained control of ##.## percent of the voting rights and ##.## percent of the capital in rival smedvig through a takeover bid that expired last week .
scotland 's john higgins hit back from a #-# deficit to edge a <unk> ##-# win over title-holder and world no# ronnie o'sullivan in the final of the masters late sunday .
snow reached istanbul and temperatures in the east of turkey dropped to minus ## celsius -lrb- minus ## fahrenheit -rrb- as the nation suffered a freezing blast of arctic weather , turkish media reported monday .
indonesian police named on monday two detained men as suspects in last year 's bali suicide bombings , including one accused of filming video of a most-wanted malaysian militant and of the three bombers .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov met a senior official from iran here monday and voiced hope that tehran would soften its stance on its controversial nuclear program and resume negotiations to resolve international concerns over it , news agencies said .
england manager sven goran eriksson was set to attend a meeting with english football <unk> officials on monday following remarks he made to an `` undercover '' newspaper reporter .
italian police have arrested ### suspected members of the powerful <unk> mafia clan in the southern region of bari , bari public prosecutor giuseppe de <unk> said on monday .
the snowballing crisis in the german open-ended property fund sector appears to have claimed another victim , with seb <unk> saying monday that one of its funds had also seen heavy withdrawals last week .
two buses collided head-on in southern brazil , killing ## people and injuring ## others injured , police said monday .
the radical palestinian movement islamic jihad called on supporters monday to completely boycott this week 's parliamentary elections , saying violence was the only way to attain independence .
european stock markets dropped in early trading on monday , after share prices had tumbled in tokyo and on wall street owing to surging oil prices and disappointing earnings from us companies .
danish pilots with scandinavian airlines system -lrb- sas -rrb- walked off the job in copenhagen monday to protest layoffs and worsened working conditions , causing further chaos following days of canceled flights due to harsh winter storms .
ore deliveries to zimbabwe 's gold processors dipped by ## percent last year because of rampant smuggling of the precious metal , the southern african country 's chamber of mines said monday .
hong kong share prices closed sharply lower monday , down #.## percent , following heavy falls on wall street friday and on renewed concerns over rising oil prices , dealers said .
the world food programme will donate food rations over at least three months for #,### sudanese refugees in egypt , the un agency said monday .
comeback queen martina hingis reached the australian open quarter-finals monday but needed to produce some stylish tennis to overcome game resistance from hometown favorite samantha stosur .
a kenyan court on monday dealt a blow to a crackdown on drunk drivers by ordering police to suspend their use of newly acquired <unk> .
nike announced monday that ceo william perez had resigned and been replaced by nike brand co-president mark parker as the company 's new president and chief executive officer .
a norwegian mouth cancer specialist has admitted to fabricating research data published in several international scientific magazines , his lawyer was quoted by norwegian media as saying monday .
the european union hinted monday that it is ready to make further offers , including on the sticky issue of agriculture , to unblock deadlocked world trade talks but only if other countries do the same .
the newly elected mayor of a japanese town selected to host more us forces said monday he was ready to negotiate on the plan after he beat more hardline candidates .
spain , champions twice in the past six years , will face a stern davis cup opening round test against belarus starting february ## with world number two rafael nadal sidelined through injury , the spanish tennis federation said monday .
italy 's labor minister roberto maroni warned monday that national airline alitalia would face bankruptcy if a series of strikes which forced the company to cancel some ### flights in recent days are allowed to continue .
the palestinians ' ruling fatah party will not be able to dismantle the militia of hamas and islamic jihad despite a promise to do so by its leader mahmud abbas , fatah election campaign chief nabil shaath said in an interview published on monday .
the head of the ruling fatah faction 's campaign said he was confident monday of holding off a challenge from hamas and winning the palestinian parliamentary election by a big majority .
mehmet ali agca , the man who tried to kill pope john paul ii and murdered a prominent turkish journalist , will be released from prison in #### , anatolia news agency reported monday , citing prosecutors .
south korean president roh moo-hyun has accepted the resignation of an aide over the cloning scam of disgraced stem cell scientist hwang woo-suk , the president 's office said monday .
nato renewed pressure on the netherlands monday to send more troops to expand an afghan <unk> mission into the country 's volatile south , while vowing the force will be `` robust '' enough .
the freezing arctic weather sweeping across northern and eastern europe claimed nearly ### lives over the weekend , with unusually low temperatures predicted to continue in the next few days .
european union enlargement commissioner olli rehn welcomed on monday a decision by a turkish court to drop charges against the prominent turkish author orhan pamuk .
the dollar on monday hit its lowest point against the euro for more than four months on concern about the strength of the us economy and anticipation of an end soon to us rate rises , analysts said .
china and saudi arabia signed an agreement to expand energy cooperation monday during a visit by saudi king abdullah to the world 's fastest growing oil market .
the first polls opened monday morning on the atlantic coast in canada 's ##th election which is expected to herald a new conservative government in ottawa after ## years of liberal rule .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo warned parties to the conflict in sudan 's western region of darfur monday against stalling negotiations aimed at putting an end to the three-year war .
french and german leaders jacques chirac and angela merkel are due to meet monday in the historic town of versailles outside paris , where discussions are expected to focus on the future of the eu after last year 's rejection of the bloc 's proposed constitution .
iran said monday it would not be `` intimidated by threats '' and vowed to defend what it insists is a right to master nuclear technology .
jozef chovanec was on monday named president of czech champions sparta prague , the crisis-hit team announced .
india , replying to pakistan 's first innings total of ### , were ###-# at stumps on the third day of the second cricket test here on monday .
a british woman on monday lost her legal battle for a parent 's `` right to know '' if girls under ## are being advised on obtaining an abortion .
france on monday recalled skipper fabien pelous for their six nations opener against scotland at murrayfield on february # .
the trial of former serbian president slobodan milosevic , which will soon enter into its fifth year , started up again monday at the un war crimes tribunal in the netherlands after a six-week break and amidst the worsening health of the accused former dictator .
some of the passengers taking a us and latin american cruise aboard the queen mary ii have threatened to stage a sit-in over a change in the tour itinerary , its operator cunard lines said monday .
tour de france contender jan ullrich will be supported by teammates ukrainian serhiy honchar , andreas kloden of germany , italy 's eddy <unk> and michael rogers of australia in this year 's race , his t-mobile team announced on monday .
ivory coast 's public television station was warned monday not to take action against staff who sided with supporters of president laurent gbagbo when they invaded the broadcaster last week .
british prime minister tony blair on monday declined to comment on russian intelligence allegations that four british diplomats were involved in spying in moscow .
poland 's budget deficit for #### reached ##.## billion zlotys -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.# billion dollars -rrb- , almost ## percent less than forecast in the government 's financial plan , the finance ministry said monday .
gary neville 's goal celebrations in manchester united 's #-# victory over liverpool at the weekend has resulted in police writing to the football association .
italian officials at rome 's leonardo da vinci airport on monday began issuing health alert notices to passengers bound for turkey as part of measures to combat the spread of bird flu .
ireland is building a record number of homes , with houses being erected at a rate of ## per #,### residents , government figures showed on monday .
portugal defender abel xavier , who has vowed to fight his ##-month drugs ban , has had his contract terminated by middlesbrough , the english premiership club said on monday .
iran must withdraw its `` active support '' for terrorism abroad if it wants to enjoy good relations with britain , british prime minister tony blair said monday .
swiss top seed roger federer survived a huge five-set scare to hold off unseeded tommy haas in a compelling fourth round match at the australian open monday .
international donors should direct more foreign aid through afghanistan 's government to avoid undermining the administration 's authority and capacity , the world bank said monday .
moroccan security forces have arrested ## of their own colleagues in the police and prison administration on charges of torture , a justice ministry spokesman said monday .
brazilian striker ailton is set to end a torrid six month spell in istanbul by signing for high-flying german side sv hamburg next monday .
european aircraft manufacturer atr , mirroring a trend elsewhere in the sector , reported on monday a surge in orders for its <unk> aircraft .
a chilean judge on monday charged lucia <unk> , the wife of former dictator augusto pinochet , and four of their sons , with fraud over millions of dollars kept in secret bank accounts abroad , legal sources said .
british prime minister tony blair on monday condemned a plan by iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad to host a `` holocaust denial '' conference , calling it `` shocking , ridiculous , stupid '' .
a total of ## businessmen and public housing executives appeared in court in paris monday at the start of a mass corruption trial that will examine the payments of bribes and <unk> during president jacques chirac 's tenure at paris city hall .
the next ceo of nokia , olli-pekka kallasvuo , has been fined ##,### euros -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- for tax fraud in finland after failing to declare imported luxury goods on his return from a trip to switzerland , legal sources said here monday .
germany 's tommy haas declared himself back to his best and proud of his performance despite losing in five sets to world number one roger federer .
the united states monday restored preferential trade terms to ukraine after the former soviet republic improved its protection of intellectual property rights -lrb- ipr -rrb- .
norwegian energy and aluminum conglomerate norsk hydro said monday it had awarded two norwegian suppliers contracts worth #.# billion kroner -lrb- ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- for maintenance and modifications on its oil platforms .
british prime minister tony blair said monday he was looking to the upcoming palestinian elections for signs of whether hamas was renouncing violence and adopting a political approach toward israel .
china 's health ministry has announced the country 's ##th human bird flu case , a ##-year-old woman who was in critical condition after contracting the virus , state media said monday .
a team of us archeologists have discovered a statue depicting pharaoh <unk> 's mother , queen <unk> , egypt 's supreme council of antiquities told afp monday .
sporting lisbon central defender beto has signed a two-and-a-half year contract with bordeaux , the french first division club said on monday .
a top official of russia 's state-run energy giant gazprom accused ukraine on monday of withholding natural gas supplies meant for delivery to customers in europe , interfax news agency said .
a comedy stunt in which scores of people rode the new york subway in their underwear ended with the arrest of eight panty proud participants , police said monday .
us deputy secretary of state robert zoellick arrived in beijing late monday at the start of a three-day visit to china , state media reported .
a frenchman killed his four children by cutting their throats then committed suicide monday , police in the western city of <unk> said .
the united states on monday urged kenya 's government seriously to address allegations of corruption levelled against the current vice-president and two powerful cabinet ministers , saying this would determine the country 's future with donors .
a top official of russia 's state-run energy giant gazprom accused ukraine on monday of withholding natural gas supplies meant for delivery to customers in europe , interfax news agency said .
germany on monday said it shared israel 's alarm about iranian plans to hold a conference questioning the holocaust and inflammatory remarks by its president , mahmoud ahmadinejad .
germany manager jurgen klinsmann admits he is willing to leave the door ajar for players to gatecrash the squad for the #### world cup on home soil .
nigerian police broke up a rally called to protest the removal from office of a state governor on monday and arrested the leader of the protest .
hours after an emotional inauguration , bolivia 's new indigenous leader , evo morales , arrived for his first day of work at the presidential palace before dawn monday .
an uzbek opposition group called monday on authorities to hold an open trial for its leader who was expected to appear in court in the coming days following his public criticism of the president of this former soviet republic .
kenyan cricket officials said monday they were willing to host zimbabwe in a series of one-day internationals after the country withdrew from test cricket for the next ## months .
the next equipment delivery trip to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- will take place a week later than planned , on march ## instead of march ## , the russian space agency , roskosmos , said monday .
ford motor co. announced monday it plans to lay off ##,###-## ,### workers and shut down ## plants in a bid to turn round its loss-making operations .
turkish cypriot authorities have sent samples from two sick birds suspected of having bird flu to labs in turkey and britain for analysis , officials said monday .
eritrea has defended its decision to snub a senior us diplomat who sought to visit its tense border with ethiopia last week in a bid to avert a new war between the arch-rival horn of africa neighbors , according to a document seen monday .
belgrade agreed monday to allow european troops serving as peacekeepers in bosnia to travel through serbia-montenegro to un-administered kosovo , the balkan country 's foreign minister said .
a us woman has been arrested in copenhagen after she tried to open the emergency door of an airplane while it was flying at ##,### meters -lrb- ##,### feet -rrb- , judicial sources said on monday .
an elderly egyptian who brutally murdered his wife after she refused to add an extra spoon of sugar in his tea was condemned monday to life imprisonment , court sources said .
ukraine said monday that it was fulfilling all contractual obligations on transporting russian gas exports to europe , as russia 's state-run energy giant gazprom accused kiev of withholding supplies amid a severe cold snap .
iraqi authorities said monday they recovered eight more bodies in an area north of baghdad where rebels kidnapped and then murdered more than two dozen police volunteers .
a saudi man who lost his eyesight after a fight with an indian migrant worker said in remarks published monday he had pardoned the man , confirming reports that he would be spared the punishment of having an eye gouged out .
german champions bayern munich have threatened to negotiate their own financial package if the german football league -lrb- dfl -rrb- do not increase their cut from television revenue .
british foreign secretary jack straw will consult with greek and turkish leaders thursday in athens and ankara after his visit to the divided island of cyprus .
austrian finance minister karl-heinz grasser , whose country holds the rotating eu presidency , said monday he was `` more optimistic '' about european economic growth prospects .
german press group axel springer said on monday that the federal cartel office had blocked its bid to take over germany 's biggest commercial television group , prosiebensat# .
the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- launched an appeal monday for ### million dollars for the children of sudan living in war zones and poor sanitary conditions .
uganda 's military monday handed over ## armed refugees to the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- from thousands who crossed to the east african country following heavy fighting , an army spokesman said .
revelations of doping before marseille 's #### european champions league victory , according to former player jean-jacques eydelie , brought concern from european football 's governing body uefa on monday .
a warlord from the democratic republic of congo 's lawless northeast has been jailed for life on murder charges , justice officials said monday .
sudan is ready to withdraw its bid to head the african union to prevent divisions within the ##-nation body holding a summit meeting in khartoum , a presidential adviser said monday .
five masterpieces by gustav klimt are to be displayed publicly again this week after they were taken down in response to a threat to destroy them , the director of an austrian museum said monday .
an official at ukraine 's state-owned naftogaz energy firm told afp monday the company had been withholding some russian gas exports destined for europe amid a severe cold snap .
munster center barry murphy has been called up into the ireland squad for this week 's <unk> nations training camp .
a passenger train derailed on monday in the tiny balkan state of montenegro , with rescue workers fearing dozens have been killed and injured , an afp reporter at the scene said .
a sierra leonean court has charged former revolutionary united front -lrb- ruf -rrb- rebel spokesman <unk> <unk> with treason and planning to import arms .
nigeria beat ghana #-# in an african nations cup group d match here monday .
us president george w. bush said monday the death of kosovo president ibrahim rugova at the weekend came at a tragic time ahead of talks on the province 's future status talks .
zambian police on monday arrested an opposition leader for allegedly forging a letter in which president levy mwanawasa asks the country 's police chief to arrest people who heckled him last week .
georgia 's foreign minister here on monday accused russia of causing suspicion by failing to properly explain explosions which damaged a key gas pipeline at the weekend .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko and russian president vladimir putin discussed gas supplies and other issues in a phone conversation monday , the ukrainian president 's office said .
israel 's supreme court on monday threw out two appeals from right-wing jews that had sought to prevent arabs from voting in east jerusalem during this week 's palestinian parliamentary election .
islamic groups on monday vowed to fight a test introduced by a german state this month for potential immigrants which they said singled out muslims for discrimination .
the deaths of at least ## chinese migrant workers as they picked shellfish in a northwestern english bay were a `` tragic accident '' and not due to gross criminal negligence , a court heard monday .
eurozone finance ministers are increasingly upbeat about the bloc 's growth despite high oil prices but they will have a cautious eye on interest rates when they meet monday in brussels for talks .
lazio captain paolo di canio has been banned for one match and fined ##,### euros for a fascist salute , the italian football federation said on monday .
south africa great allan donald has said he is interested in becoming england 's next bowling coach .
arsenal captain thierry henry has been named in the squad for tuesday 's league cup semi-final against wigan here at highbury even though manager arsene wenger normally only fields fringe and up and coming players in the tournament .
muslim preacher abu hamza al-masri , on trial in britain for allegedly stirring up racial hatred and inciting murder , told a court monday the case against him was politically motivated .
the european union 's executive body will propose extending a ban on imports of live wild birds into the eu until the end of may , amid concern over bird flu , a spokesman said on monday .
a top us intelligence official monday defended the george w. bush administration 's warrantless surveillance of americans , saying the program was limited to suspected international communications with the al-qaeda terror network .
the main us auto union on monday called ford motor co. 's decision to cut tens of thousands of jobs `` devastating '' and blamed the company management for the failure to protect market share .
russia will deliver a supply of <unk> multiple rocket-launching vehicles to the indian army , russian arms exporting agency said monday , according to news agency ria-novosti .
a delegation from south korean auto manufacturer hyundai began talks with officials in prague on monday over the possible siting of the company 's first european plant in the czech republic , officials said .
turkmenistan , home to the second largest gas reserves in the former soviet union , plans to expand energy cooperation with russia to serve countries in asia and europe , the turkmen president said monday .
kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev blasted several former ministers on monday , days after replacing them in a cabinet reshuffle , and singled out their departments for poor performance and corruption .
the danish government said monday it would cancel the debts of eight of africa 's poorest countries , worth #.# billion kroner -lrb- ### million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- .
un secretary general kofi annan on monday lamented the deaths of eight guatemalan peacekeepers who were killed while taking part in a mission in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- .
the danish government said monday it would cancel the debts of eight of africa 's poorest countries , worth #.# billion kroner -lrb- ### million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- .
lyon left back jeremy berthod , who got injured in their #-# home draw against auxerre at the weekend , will be out for up to three weeks , the french league leaders said .
mart poom signed monday a permament deal with arsenal following his loan move from sunderland .
five african countries have been tasked with settling a row over who should take over the chair of the african union after sudan offered to drop its bid to lead the ##-nation body , a gabonese official said friday .
a ukraine court monday banned television cameras and photographers from covering the closely watched trial of three former policemen over the #### murder of opposition journalist georgy gongadze .
serbian president boris tadic said monday he will ask the united nations to enable him to attend the funeral of kosovo president ibrahim rugova .
five african countries have been tasked with settling a row over who should take over the chair of the african union after sudan offered to drop its bid to lead the ##-nation body , a gabonese official said friday .
croatia is to host in april an annual international gathering of political leaders and businessmen to discuss the enlargement of the european union towards the balkans region , organisers of the meeting said monday .
us screen idol owen wilson will hand out a coveted golden statuette at this year 's oscars ceremony , organisers announced on monday .
west ham manager alan pardew has admitted the premiership club paid over the odds for record seven million pounds buy dean ashton but said the striker 's arrival was a `` statement '' of intent regarding the premiership side 's ambitions .
the us government ruled out monday re-imposing a ban on canadian beef imports after a new case of mad cow disease was detected north of the border .
france and germany were optimistic monday that the european commission would look favourably on their efforts to rein in their deficits within eu limits .
the french government said monday it had met its target for the country 's public deficit in #### , but finance minister thierry breton faced questions about the accounting methods used to calculate the shortfall .
us federal prosecutors announced monday the arrest of a canadian national on charges of laundering one billion dollars in illegal proceeds through a bahamas-based investment firm .
embattled us president george w. bush , under fire for ordering unprecedented spying on us citizens , defended the program as limited , legal and critical to thwarting terrorist plots .
senegal beat zimbabwe #-# in an african nations cup group d match here monday .
moroccan tennis player younes el aynaoui , who plays for sporting club <unk> in sardinia , tested positive for cannabis during last month 's italian team championships , the italian sports medicine federation announced monday .
ireland back-row eric miller announced monday his retirement from international rugby union with immediate effect .
a palestinian was killed and two others wounded late monday by israeli gunfire near a jewish settlement close to the west bank town of ramallah , palestinian medical and security sources said .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan asked russian president vladimir putin monday for moscow 's support for efforts to resolve the long-standing division of cyprus , his office said .
president george w. bush said monday that the united states was worried about the prospect of sudan taking over the presidency of the african union this week .
irregularities uncovered in procurement for un peacekeeping operations probably caused tens of million of dollars in losses , a senior un official in charge of management said monday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on monday called for delaying for two weeks the expected dissolving of parliament on sunday and threatened to move parliamentary elections from april to may .
us president george w. bush said monday that the united states would defend israel against any iranian threat and that the world could not risk being `` blackmailed '' by a nuclear-armed tehran .
last-ditch negotiations between armenian president robert kocharian and his russian counterpart vladimir putin failed to get moscow to lower its steep increase in natural gas prices , his office said monday .
a bosnian court sentenced on monday a former muslim soldier to ## years in jail for killing civilians during the ####-## war , state television reported .
spanish police said monday they had arrested another man suspected of belonging to a terror cell recruiting insurgency fighters for iraq .
railway workers in kyrgyzstan staged a demonstration monday in bishkek , even threatening to set themselves on fire , if the new head of the country 's railroads , in charge of privatisation , was not dismissed by wednesday .
a handful of olympic hopefuls - notably those of the united states - will get a last chance to tune up for turin at the four continents figure skating starting here on wednesday .
italian airline alitalia said late monday it expects cancellations or delays on about ### flights tuesday due to a series of strikes that have rocked the financially troubled national carrier .
un secretary general kofi annan on monday welcomed british foreign secretary jack straw 's planned mission to cyprus , greece and turkey to discuss the ethnically divided island of cyprus .
amnesty international 's spanish branch on monday called on prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero to explain his government 's stance regarding cia `` rendition flights '' of terrorist suspects via spanish airports .
general manager dan o'brien was sacked by the cincinnati reds on monday as part of an management overhaul by the new owners of the major league baseball club .
a #.#-magnitude offshore earthquake shook the west coast of colombia monday , the us geological survey reported .
sven-goran eriksson is to leave his post as england coach after the world cup finals in germany later this year , the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- announced monday .
anton ferdinand showed that anything big brother rio could do he could do better as he scored a superb goal in west ham 's #-# win over london rivals fulham at upton park here monday .
pakistan 's prime minister shaukat aziz met with us defense secretary donald rumsfeld at the pentagon monday amid strains over a us air strike in pakistan that killed ## people in pakistan .
scandinavian airlines system -lrb- sas -rrb- said it was canceling its flights tuesday into and out of copenhagen because danish pilots had shown no sign of returning from a wildcat strike .
bundesbank vice president juergen stark is the sole contender to fill a vacancy on the european central bank 's executive board , luxembourg prime minister jean-claude juncker said monday .
around ## israeli military jeeps pushed into the southern outskirts of the west bank town of ramallah early tuesday , palestinian security sources said .
us president george w. bush on monday did not give `` brokeback mountain '' a thumbs-up review , saying that he had not seen the gay cowboy romance movie and showing no sign he wants to see it .
eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said monday german and french deficit troubles are not over yet , despite improvements in their fiscal situations .
two egyptians began giving depositions in new york monday as part of a move to sue the us government for unlawful imprisonment and abuse in the wake of the september ## , #### attacks .
the un security council pressed syria monday to cooperate in helping lebanon restore its authority fully over its territory and in stopping the flow of arms into its smaller neighbor .
the dollar on monday struck its lowest point against the euro for more than four months on concerns about the strength of the us economy and expectations of a quick end to us rate rises , analysts said .
the vampires of `` underworld : evolution '' invaded the north american box office last weekend , snatching top spot by tapping into a popular vein of horror , final figures showed monday .
guatemala vowed to keep its un peacekeepers in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- monday after eight of them were killed there in a shootout with suspected ugandan rebels .
us officials intervened to help sort out the latest european natural gas crisis that erupted after russian supplies to georgia were cut by pipeline explosions , the state department said monday .
the tokyo stock exchange has put stocks in scandal-hit internet firm livedoor on special watch , alerting investors to a possible delisting , the bourse said .
a us computer hacker on monday pleaded guilty to hijacking around ###,### computers , including military servers , and infecting them with malicious software .
tokyo stocks opened higher tuesday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
the late kerry packer , australia 's richest man and one of the country 's most colorful characters , will be honored next month with a public memorial service at sydney 's iconic opera house , organisers said tuesday .
britain on monday made a vibrant appeal for sweeping reform of the world humanitarian system and urged donors to contribute to the proposed ###-million dollar -lrb- ###-million-euro -rrb- un emergency fund .
kobe bryant carved out his own piece of national basketball association history by accomplishing something that even the great air jordan could n't do .
former us president gerald ford , ## , who has been in hospital for nine days suffering from a bout of pneumonia , is not well enough to return home yet , his office said on monday .
bhp billiton , the world 's largest diversified miner , announced tuesday that it had boosted production of aluminum , copper , nickel and liquefied natural gas to record levels in the last six months of #### .
american skeleton racer zach lund has been stripped of a second-place finish in calgary after failing a drug test but it wo n't keep him out of next month 's winter olympics .
a special decontamination unit will start operation tuesday at one of the czech republic 's most notorious and dangerous pollution <unk> , the dioxin contaminated <unk> factory on the river elbe around ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- north of prague .
thirteen people were reported killed after a landslide provoked by torrential rains wiped out a remote village in papua new guinea 's highlands province of <unk> , local officials said tuesday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent higher tuesday on a rebound following sharp falls monday , with wall street 's modest gains overnight and a drop in oil prices supporting sentiment , dealers said .
the cuban government expects more than one million people to answer fidel castro 's call for a massive anti-us demonstration tuesday in front of washington 's interests section here .
<unk> comedian bill maher will host a <unk> talk show on us internet shopping website amazon.com , the company said monday .
a cattle dog called lassie lived up to her name by helping her injured ##-year-old master when he fell from a horse in australia , national radio reported tuesday .
the dollar was slightly firmer in asian trade tuesday but still hovered around four-month lows against the euro on rising crude oil prices and expectations of narrowing interest rate differentials , dealers said .
malaysia 's highest islamic authority is mulling a decision on whether the use of botox injections is permissible for muslims , local media said tuesday .
south korea 's lg electronics said tuesday it would invest ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- by #### to build a home appliance and lcd tv plant in poland .
german steel giant thyssenkrupp on monday decided not to raise its bid for canadian steel producer dofasco , leaving a clear field to its european rival arcelor .
martina hingis is relishing the role of underdog as she braces to defend her comeback dream against an onslaught from second seed kim clijsters in the australian open quarter-finals wednesday .
while australia , britain and even the united states struggle to produce quality new tennis players , the game in france is thriving .
the confidence is surging back for tommy haas after he jousted for five sets over three hours with the great roger federer at the australian open .
indonesia prosecutors on tuesday sought the death penalty for an australian accused of heroin trafficking along with eight compatriots on the resort island of bali , they said .
indonesia prosecutors on tuesday sought the death penalty for an australian accused of heroin trafficking along with eight compatriots on the resort island of bali .
south africa won the toss and elected to bat first in their <unk> limited overs match against sri lanka at the adelaide oval on tuesday .
argentina 's fourth seed david nalbandian wore down unseeded frenchman fabrice santoro to win #-# , #-# , #-# to reach the semi-finals at the australian open tuesday .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra on tuesday defended the sale of his family 's nearly ## percent stake in telecom giant shin corp , while hinting that he would run for a third term .
oil prices continued to ease in asian trade tuesday on profit-taking after recent sharp gains , dealers said .
rugby fans in ## countries across the asia-pacific will be able to watch live coverage of super ## and test matches between australia , new zealand and south africa under an agreement announced tuesday with the australian broadcasting corporation -lrb- abc -rrb- .
the us government has decided it will not take action in a dispute between the national hockey league players ' association and a group of veteran players .
indonesia prosecutors on tuesday sought the death penalty for a second young australian accused of heroin trafficking as part of a nine-person ring on the resort island of bali .
a provincial newspaper columnist was gunned down in the philippines at the weekend just a day after a radio broadcaster was also shot and killed , police said tuesday .
bangladeshi islamic militant leader shaikh abdur rahman wanted for a string of deadly bomb blasts in his home country has been arrested in india , police said tuesday .
australian prime minister john howard reshuffled his cabinet tuesday , appointing education minister brendan nelson to the defense portfolio .
canada 's prime minister paul martin conceded defeat early tuesday to stephen harper 's right wing conservative party after a general election .
indonesia prosecutors sought a life sentence for a second young australian appearing in court tuesday accused of heroin trafficking in a nine-person ring on the resort island of bali .
cambodia 's prime minister hun sen tuesday ordered the courts to drop all defamation charges against his critics amid mounting pressure over a clampdown on dissent .
us deputy secretary of state robert zoellick met with chinese premier wen <unk> on tuesday during a three-day trip in which the nuclear crises in north korea and iran were placed high on the agenda .
defeated canadian prime minister paul martin said early tuesday he would step down as head of the liberal party .
kuwait 's ailing emir sheikh saad al-abdullah al-sabah was expected to formally announce his abdication early tuesday in favor of powerful prime minister sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah , official sources said .
china has ##,### chemical plants located along its rivers and coastline , in many cases posing a ticking environmental time bomb with `` unthinkable '' consequences , the government said tuesday .
harvard academic , author and human rights champion michael ignatieff will have a chance to put his theories into practice after winning election to canada 's parliament .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday as diversified miners benefited from a strong rise in base metals prices , dealers said .
a us military interrogator convicted of killing an iraqi general by stuffing his head into a sleeping bag was monday sentenced to a reprimand and fine but no jail time , local media reported .
the united states on tuesday urged south korea to join a crackdown on alleged north korean counterfeiting and money laundering and to do more to counter weapons proliferation .
airbus said tuesday it was close to a decision on whether to build an assembly line for its medium-range a### jets in china .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday boosted by wall street gains with investors shrugging off the arrest of an it entrepreneur and searching for bargains after sharp losses , dealers said .
north korea 's grain production rose #.# percent to #.## million tonnes in #### , helped by better harvests and fertilizer shipments from south korea , south korean data showed tuesday .
the reserve bank of india tuesday raised a key short-term interest rate by ## basis points to #.## percent , the third such hike this fiscal year aimed at keeping inflation in check .
residents of afghanistan 's southern city of kandahar have accused the us military of seizing a popular young poet from a mosque and holding him without charge .
repair work on the main pipeline providing georgia and armenia with russian gas has been suspended after a leak of gas condensate , russian media reported tuesday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday as diversified miners benefited from a strong rise in base metals prices , dealers said .
the men 's and women 's fourth seeds , david nalbandian and maria sharapova , justified their standings to become the first players into the australian open semi-finals tuesday .
south africa made ###-# off ## overs in their triangular series one-day cricket match against sri lanka at the adelaide oval on tuesday .
one person was killed and four wounded in a series of bombings tuesday , just hours before the resumption of the trial of deposed iraqi leader saddam hussein , security officials said .
cigarette giant gudang garam will co-sponsor the indonesian leg of the a# grand prix motorsport championship next month , organisers said tuesday , bucking a global trend toward restricting tobacco advertising .
japanese technology giant toshiba confirmed tuesday it was selected to buy us power plant maker westinghouse from british nuclear fuels -lrb- bnfl -rrb- , without disclosing the sum .
china said tuesday that water and food supplies for millions of people living along the songhua river , the scene of a disastrous chemical spill late last year , were now safe from contamination .
an iranian court has handed down undisclosed prison terms to a french skipper and his german client who were arrested after straying into iran 's gulf waters , a senior official said tuesday .
south korea 's lg electronics said tuesday its #### net profit plunged ##.# percent year-on-year due to weaker sales .
china 's yan zi and zheng jie came through a tough three-setter tuesday to secure a place in the semi-finals of the australian open women 's doubles .
the swiss lawmaker leading an inquiry into reports of secret cia detention centers in europe was tuesday to present an interim report of his findings to the council of europe .
nigeria 's privatisation agency has rebuffed an attempt by egypt 's orascom telecom to buy a controlling share in the state telecoms group nitel , calling for fresh bids for the company .
german chemicals giant basf is examining its options following the rejection of its takeover offer by us chemicals firm engelhard , basf said on tuesday .
a member of the ruling fatah faction 's campaign team in the largest west bank city was shot dead tuesday on the eve of the palestinian general election , security and medical sources said .
us-based travelocity has fully acquired regional online travel booking firm <unk> for ## million us dollars to boost its asia-pacific business .
german semi-conductors giant infineon warned tuesday that earnings in its logic divisions , on which it hopes to focus in future , were likely to decline in the second quarter of its current business year .
south korean foreign minister ban ki-moon said tuesday his government was working on a february date for a resumption of six-way talks aimed at ending north korea 's nuclear ambitions .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on a rebound following monday 's sharp falls , with wall street 's modest gains overnight and the japanese market 's rally helping sentiment , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices closed higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
the main armed palestinian groups on tuesday agreed to maintain calm and stop militants carrying weapons during wednesday 's parliamentary election , an official from the al-aqsa martyrs brigades said .
india were bowled out for ### in their first innings after lunch on the fourth day of the second test here on tuesday , a lead of ## over pakistan 's total of ### .
the death toll in montenegro from its worst rail accidents ever climbed to ## on tuesday , with nearly ### people injured , after the train crashed into a rocky ravine in the mountainous balkan state , officials said .
indonesian police on tuesday said they had arrested another man suspected of assisting a fugitive malaysian extremist involved in last october 's bali suicide bombings .
myanmar 's illegal timber trade with china has picked up in recent days , after an unexplained halt of several months , a forestry watchdog said tuesday .
british mobile telephone operator vodafone on tuesday said that it had gained #.# million new customers during its third quarter , a ##-percent rise compared with the same period a year earlier .
the eurozone current account showed a deficit of ##.# billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in november as surpluses in goods and services only partially offset deficits in income and current transfers , the european central bank said on tuesday .
the french #### central government budget deficit for #### will be ##.# billion euros , a reduction of more than #.# billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- from the forecast figure , the budget minister said tuesday .
world oil prices fell on tuesday , extending losses seen the previous day owing to profit-taking .
in the long-running legal battle between deutsche bank and former media magnate leo kirch , germany 's highest court ruled tuesday partially in favor of kirch who accuses the german bank of precipitating the fall of his <unk> media empire .
five us troops were killed monday in separate incidents across iraq , the us military said tuesday .
the european commission has given us software giant microsoft an extra three weeks to submit documents justifying its position in a long-standing anti-trust case , a spokesman said tuesday .
finland 's unemployment rate dropped to #.# percent in december from #.# percent in november and #.# percent in december #### , statistics finland said on tuesday .
cameroon captain rigobert song will break the record for the most appearances at an african nations cup here on wednesday when he takes the field against togo in their group b clash .
shares in swiss-based biotechnology and pharmaceuticals company serono dropped on tuesday following a news report that potential buyers for the firm had got cold feet .
kenya 's former world #,### metres champion <unk> kipchoge said on tuesday he had turned his back on cross country running to concentrate on the indoor season .
two schools were firebombed in the tiny mountain kingdom of swaziland , africa 's last absolute monarchy , in the latest such attacks apparently waged by pro-democracy activists , police said tuesday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak 's son gamal denied rumors he was being groomed for succession in an interview published tuesday and insisted he had no desire to run in the next presidential poll .
european union finance ministers on tuesday set a deadline of march next year for britain to bring its public deficit back within eu limits , an eu diplomat said .
a new airline linking southern china 's tiny gambling haven macau to the rest of the mainland and asia was launched tuesday .
japanese chip maker elpida memory said tuesday its net profit for the quarter to december plunged ## percent and that it would go into the red for the full year as chip prices fall sharply .
shares in the german heavy industry giant thyssenkrupp surged nearly five percent on the frankfurt stock exchange tuesday after the group said it was pulling out of the race to buy canadian steelmaker dofasco .
european union finance ministers were seeking tuesday to break two and half years of deadlock over which <unk> services should be exempt from minimum eu value added tax rules .
european steel giant arcelor is to bid #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- for canadian steelmaker dofasco under an agreement , they said on tuesday concluding two months of takeover maneuvers involving german steelmaker thyssenkrupp .
pakistan fast bowler shabbir ahmed said on tuesday he was unsure of his future in the game after the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- upheld a year-long ban on him .
a glacial chill claimed more lives in across eastern europe , forcing schools to shut and disrupting public transport as cold cracked rail lines , officials said tuesday .
european steel giant arcelor is to bid #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- for canadian steelmaker dofasco under an agreement , they said on tuesday concluding two months of takeover maneuvers involving german steelmaker thyssenkrupp .
italy 's prime minister silvio berlusconi said tuesday he saw no alternative to alitalia 's survival other than through the adoption of a controversial restructuring plan .
two more children have been discharged from hospital in eastern turkey after recovering from bird flu , doctors said tuesday .
the trial of deposed iraqi dictator saddam hussein on charges of mass murder , which was to have resumed on tuesday , has been delayed until sunday , a court official said .
european stock markets showed mixed fortunes in early dealing on tuesday after a slight rebound from wall street overnight .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler declined to comment tuesday on a newspaper report which said that it was planning to cut management ranks by up to ## percent .
eurozone factories saw demand surge in november with new industrial orders up #.# percent over one month and #.# percent over a year , according to the eu 's eurostat data agency tuesday .
south korea has decided to call off talks with canada on the resumption of beef imports after a fresh case there of mad-cow disease , officials said tuesday .
afghan president hamid karzai tuesday ordered his country again to end the cultivation of opium poppies , which make up the bulk of the world supply , saying the illicit drug is fuelling terrorism .
an elderly man who vandalised a famous artwork consisting of a ceramic urinal earlier this month was tuesday ordered to pay ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- to paris 's pompidou centre and given a three-month suspended prison term .
french police who spent two years trying to identify a woman who was murdered by a blow to the head were relieved to discover the reason their efforts were failing : the woman died half a millennium ago .
two men appeared in court in britain tuesday in connection with the alleged leak of a memo in which us president george w. bush is said to have talked about bombing al-jazeera television .
taiwan conservationists tuesday protested at a government decision partially to lift a ban on free plastic bags , saying the move is a setback for environmental protection efforts .
twenty-six people have died in ukraine during the past ## hours as a result of extreme cold , the health ministry said tuesday at midday , bringing to at least ## the number of deaths since temperatures plunged last week .
us oil and gas producer kerr-mcgee has announced it will sell its oil and natural gas properties in the gulf of mexico to <unk> offshore for #.## billion dollars in cash .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on a rebound following monday 's sharp falls , with wall street 's modest gains overnight and the japanese market 's rally helping sentiment , dealers said .
the european commission called on eu member states tuesday to cooperate fully with an ongoing council of europe probe into alleged secret cia prisons in europe , after an interim report into the affair .
the european union approved tuesday the extension of a ban on imports of live wild birds into the ##-nation bloc until the end of may , amid concern over bird flu , officials said .
south korea 's world cup hero ahn jung-hwan has signed for bundesliga strugglers duisburg from french club metz , the german first division side announced on tuesday .
last year a record ### million people took holidays in a foreign country , and the number of international tourists is set to keep rising , the world tourism organization -lrb- wto -rrb- said tuesday .
iran on tuesday defended its plan to stage a conference questioning the holocaust and accused british prime minister tony blair of `` intolerance '' for criticising the event .
a group claiming that it is holding four foreign oil workers kidnapped in southern nigeria ## days ago said tuesday it had no intention of releasing them unless its demands are met .
former soviet azerbaijan 's state oil company socar said tuesday that us oil major exxonmobil will pay ## million dollars in compensation after backing out of an agreement to drill a caspian oil field .
the dollar firmed on tuesday against the euro on a techinical rebound after striking a fresh four-month low point against the european single currency in asian trade , dealers said .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon was spending his ##th day in a coma after a massive brain hemorrhage on january # .
italy 's biggest gas importer eni said on tuesday it expected an #.#-percent drop in deliveries of russian gas for the day , amid a continued squeeze in supplies due to <unk> temperatures in russia .
pakistan , trailing by ## runs on the first innings , were ###-# in their second innings at stumps on the fourth day of the second cricket test against india here on tuesday .
the united nations and the international olympic committee pledged tuesday to expand their work together to use sports as a tool to promote peace in war torn areas and combat poverty .
the european union is considering sending veterinary and financial aid to help turkey battle a bird flu outbreak , and will work out details during a three-day visit to the country by it health commissioner , the eu office in ankara said tuesday .
the eu 's austrian presidency warned tuesday against trying to chop out parts of the bloc 's ailing constitution as a way of resolving a crisis triggered by its rejection by french and dutch voters .
the main organization of survivors from rwanda 's #### genocide announced plans on tuesday to sue a prominent and controversial french journalist over a book he has written downplaying the mass slaughter of minority tutsis .
france proposed tuesday a radical shake-up of europe 's energy policies , stressing the need of nuclear power amid growing concern at dependence on oil and gas highlighted by recent russian supply cuts .
sale will set up an all-english semi-final against leicester or bath if they can beat biarritz in the last eight of the european cup .
authorities in the greek cypriot south of the divided island tuesday began to cull poultry not kept in enclosed spaces as part of tighter measures to guard against bird flu .
russian and us police have dismantled a network they accuse of posing as a us adoption agency in order to illegally smuggle children , the russian authorities announced tuesday .
kaiser chiefs were confirmed tuesday as one of britain 's top bands to watch as they swept up a record six nominations for the nme awards , which reward the cream of britain 's music scene .
the kuwaiti parliament tuesday transferred the powers of the emir to the cabinet on an interim basis after voting the ruler out of office on health grounds , speaker jassem al-khorafi said .
the secretary general of the world tourism <unk> , francesco frangialli , warned on tuesday that the tourism sector must not fall prey to `` <unk> panic '' over bird flu .
lewis moody 's becoming available for england in their opening six nations clash next month was a blunder in the disciplinary process by a scot , welshman and an irishman .
tens of thousands of air travellers remained stranded in copenhagen on tuesday as a strike by scandinavian airlines system 's danish pilots went into a second day , leading to the cancellation of most flights .
fast-food giant mcdonald 's on tuesday announced a fourth-quarter profit of ###.# million dollars , up ## percent from a year ago , as revenues showed modest gains .
german fund managers have drawn up a catalogue of voluntary measures to help boost investor confidence in the open-ended property fund sector following a series of shock closures of such funds in recent weeks , the <unk> industry federation said on tuesday .
tension is building on the frontier between the west african countries of benin and burkina faso following cross-border clashes between rival communities , benin 's top military officer said tuesday .
a suspected extremist wanted in spain over his alleged ties to the september ## attacks in the united states alleged tuesday he had been tortured in arab countries on the orders of british intelligence .
former marseille midfielder marcel desailly on tuesday strongly refuted accusations of doping before their #### european cup final victory , revealed by a former player .
inflation in germany , the eurozone 's biggest economy , looks set to pick up fractionally this month , consumer price data for key regional states showed on tuesday .
us consumer and healthcare giant johnson and johnson reported tuesday an ##-percent jump in quarterly earnings but lower sales .
unseeded cypriot marcos baghdatis moved into the semi-finals of the australian open with a <unk> win over croatian seventh seed ivan ljubicic , #-# , #-# , #-# , #-# , #-# tuesday .
scotland 's national dish , haggis , has become the latest foodstuff to be targeted as part of a drive to combat growing levels of obesity among british children , prompting outrage among producers .
a us federal judge has ordered the government to release the identities of hundreds of detainees at guantanamo bay , cuba , rejecting arguments that this might put their families in danger .
britain 's fiery anti-war mp george galloway lashed out at fellow contestants on a hit british reality television show , in a display reminiscent of the scolding he gave the us senate last year .
the bank of canada boosted its overnight rate by a quarter-point tuesday to #.# percent , and said it may make more `` modest '' increases to keep inflation in check .
the vice-president of the european commission , franco frattini , said tuesday proof was needed before drawing any conclusions about alleged secret cia prisons in europe .
wall street shares opened higher tuesday , with strong results from mcdonald 's and a drop in oil prices helping sentiment .
the bulgarian government said tuesday it was ready to compensate its poultry farmers and food producers for a slump in prices they suffered after the outbreak of bird flu in neighbouring turkey and romania .
president george w. bush 's supreme court nominee samuel alito faced a likely senate panel endorsement tuesday , despite unified opposition from democrats who fear he will undo years of liberal court rulings .
the us government tuesday cleared pakistan from the threat of having its trade preferences withdrawn after the country took action to clamp down on copyright theft .
ambitious german side sv hamburg have finalized the loan signing of brazilian striker ailton from turkish outfit besiktas .
boc group , the british company that makes industrial gases , rejected on tuesday a takeover bid from german engineering conglomerate linde , sending boc 's share price soaring more than ## percent .
prosecutors said tuesday they were investigating the saint petersburg branch of the british council , a non-profit agency linked to the british government , which they say may wrongly have avoided paying russian taxes on english language courses .
a bomb exploded tuesday under a pipeline linking an oilfield near kirkuk with the terminal at ceyhan , turkey , causing a fire and a partial reduction in pumping , an iraqi oil ministry official said .
kuwait 's cabinet , which runs the oil-rich emirate after parliament voted emir sheikh saad al-abdullah al-sabah out of office , will meet on tuesday to possibly name a new ruler , an official said .
italy 's elena fanchini , the world downhill silver medallist , will be unavailable until next month 's winter olympics because of cartilage problems in her left knee .
experts from around the world gathered in paris tuesday for a unesco conference on oceans , coasts and islands where the focus will be on stemming the erosion of biodiversity and the depletion of fish stocks , the un 's science and education body said .
gas consumption in poland amid a cold spell has reached an all-time record , while deliveries of russian gas have fallen , the gaz-system company , which manages polish pipelines , said tuesday .
president moshe katzav will make the first visit of an israeli head of state to greece in february , the office of the greek president announced tuesday .
the white house on tuesday congratulated canada 's conservative party and its leader , stephen harper , on their election victory and promised to bolster bilateral relations .
indian police tuesday backed away from earlier claims they had caught a suspected bangladeshi bomb mastermind , saying they had arrested a student who had identified himself by the same name .
in a healthy year for tourism africa led the way in #### with a ten percent rise in arrivals , the continent attracting ##.# million visitors , the world tourist organization said tuesday .
german zoos locked up tropical animals including zebras , antelope , flamingos and elephants tuesday to protect them from frigid temperatures throughout the country .
an algerian journalist has been jailed after being convicted for defamation , his editor said tuesday , as the authorities seem to continue crackdown against independent media .
about ## protests over alleged irregularities in iraq 's legislative election last month were received during the two-day period allotted for appeals , an electoral commission official said tuesday .
faisal faisal 's dream of becoming the first iraqi to participate at a winter olympics has been dashed after he failed to qualify for the skeleton event at next month 's turin olympics .
flamboyant new york property tycoon and reality tv star donald trump has launched a five-billion-dollar lawsuit against the author and publisher of a book that had the audacity to challenge his billionaire status .
romania has called on russian gas giant gazprom to respect its supply commitments to the country in the face of a fall in deliveries , the romanian economy ministry said on tuesday .
a woman gave birth after being rescued from a train that crashed off a cliff in the tiny balkan state of montenegro , leaving at least ## people dead , a report said tuesday .
manchester united 's john o'shea has been ruled out of action for up to six weeks with fractured ribs just hours after the announcement that fellow midfielder paul scholes 's season was over .
the portuguese government has postponed the deadline for international bids for new wind farm permits to march # from january ## , the lusa news agency reported tuesday .
the kuwaiti government named on tuesday prime minister sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah as the oil-rich state 's new emir , justice minister ahmad baqer told afp after an emergency cabinet meeting .
european union governments urged the european defense agency -lrb- eda -rrb- on tuesday to examine whether high-speed ferries could be used to more rapidly move troops into conflict zones .
moroccan tennis player younes el aynaoui , who plays for sporting club <unk> in sardinia , has denied taking banned substances following revelations of a positive test .
polish lawmakers on tuesday began a key debate on the government 's #### budget , with any refusal to vote through the financial plan likely to increase political instability and make an early election more likely .
african leaders on tuesday decided against extraditing former chad dictator hissene habre to belgium to face trial for crimes against humanity , senegalese president abdoulaye <unk> said .
energy ministers from the group of eight leading industrialized nations are to meet here in march , a russian government spokesman said tuesday in the midst of heightened concerns over mid-winter russian gas supplies to europe .
african leaders on tuesday decided against extraditing former chad dictator hissene habre to belgium to face trial for crimes against humanity , senegalese president abdoulaye <unk> said .
slovenian president janez drnovsek said tuesday he plans to visit sudan and the troubled province of darfur in february in a bid to spur the international community into stopping the conflict .
german chancellor angela merkel will visit the middle east next sunday and monday for talks expected to touch on the iranian nuclear crisis , the government said on tuesday .
new us military rules mean that executions of condemned `` war on terror '' detainees could be carried out at the us naval base at guantanamo bay in cuba , the us army said tuesday .
wall street shares edged higher tuesday , after a strong earnings report from mcdonald 's and a drop in oil prices helped offset disappointing results from other companies .
italy 's parliament on tuesday once again rejected a plan for an increase in female mps by voting against a project to introduce quotas for women on electoral lists .
german police raided more than ### homes and businesses across the country tuesday in a major operation targeting internet piracy that was coordinated with four neighboring countries .
centre olly barkley has been ruled out of england 's six nations opener against wales on february # after dislocating his right thumb in european cup action over the weekend .
the travails of the tourism industry in asia , hit across the bows by the sars respiratory illness three years ago , were a fading memory in #### as the continent attracted an increase of ## million visitors over #### , the world tourism organization -lrb- wto -rrb- said tuesday .
ivory coast beat libya #-# in an african nations cup group a match here tuesday .
cbs and time warner announced plans tuesday to merger upn and the wb , two of the smaller networks on us broadcast television .
the top international envoy to bosnia paddy ashdown regretted tuesday , days before his mandate ends , that the two most wanted balkan war crimes fugitives are still at large .
paraguay will play friendly matches against norway , on may ## , and denmark three days later in preparation for the world cup , the south american country 's football federation announced tuesday .
president mahmoud ahmadinejad ordered iran 's intelligence and foreign ministries to probe `` the role of foreign hands '' in tuesday 's deadly twin bombing in ahvaz , the isna news agency reported .
un secretary-general kofi annan on tuesday met with the boss of an even bigger global body , paying hommage to fifa head sepp blatter and praising football 's role as a uniting force .
the team that fought in vain to save the whale that swam up the river thames hit out tuesday at opportunists trying to sell fake items alleged to have been used in the failed rescue attempt .
struggling german side fc cologne want to sign liverpool 's champions league hero jerzy dudek , his agent jan de zeeuw revealed on tuesday .
the european bank for reconstruction and development said here tuesday it should decide before the northern hemisphere summer whether or not to <unk> the sakhalin ii oil and gas project .
president george w. bush 's conservative supreme court nominee samuel alito gained a vote of approval from a us senate panel tuesday , despite unified opposition from democrats who fear he will undo years of liberal court rulings .
the last of czech railway 's functioning fast speed <unk> pendolino trains broke down on tuesday , joining the four other trains already out of action following a software problem , the state railway company announced .
the kenyan tourism sector earned ### million dollars -lrb- ###.# million euros -rrb- in #### , a ##-percent increase overall from #### , and saw a nearly ##-percent jump in arrivals from north america despite a travel warning from the united states , the tourism board said tuesday .
the fa premier league , which represents the ## clubs in england 's top-flight division , said tuesday it was to launch an inquiry into financial procedures in player transfers since january #### .
portugal will begin producing its own flu vaccines in #### better to prepare for a possible global pandemic of deadly bird flu in the future , health minister antonio correia de campos said tuesday .
prominent ivory coast opposition leader alassane ouattara , a candidate for october presidential elections , will return home from exile in france on wednesday , his party 's spokesman said tuesday .
struggling french first division rugby club pau have recruited english duo paul <unk> and joe <unk> until the end of the season .
the sudden shortfall in italy 's gas supplies has highlighted rome 's over-dependence on moscow for its energy requirements amid calls to diversify gas sources and even to reconsider a return to nuclear power , mothballed in #### .
eleven people , including three children , are missing after their boat capsized near the colombian port of buenaventura on tuesday , local maritime officials said .
european union energy commissioner andris piebalgs said tuesday he doubted that iran would cut oil exports in response to threatened sanctions against it in the row over its nuclear plans .
greek first division club aek athens announced the signing tuesday of brazilian defensive midfielder emerson moises costa on a <unk> contract .
the iranian authorities have blocked access to <unk> , the bbc 's international news website in farsi , the bbc said tuesday .
the presidents of armenia and azerbaijan will meet in paris on february ## at the invitation of french president jacques chirac to seek ways to resolve a long-standing dispute over the territory of nagorno karabakh , armenian officials said here tuesday .
canadian prime minister paul martin formally offered his resignation tuesday , a day after his liberal party 's general election defeat to the conservatives after ## years in power .
danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen on tuesday repeated that he had `` no knowledge '' of cia -lrb- central intelligence agency -rrb- planes carrying terror suspects through european airspace .
the european union failed tuesday to agree on a list of <unk> services to be exempt from minimum eu value added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- rules despite two and a half years of negotiation , eu diplomats said .
bulgaria 's state-owned gas company bulgargaz said tuesday it had suffered a drop in its gas supplies from russia in the past week following the spell of cold weather in eastern europe .
the european commission tuesday welcomed a new set of turkish proposals to lift trade and transport restrictions in cyprus , the latest bid to help end the island 's three-decade division .
britain and france will continue their cooperation on the technical design of a new aircraft carrier for the french navy , the two countries ' defense ministers announced in london tuesday .
thirteen suspected drug traffickers were arrested tuesday in the netherlands after an international investigation , police said .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday welcomed cambodian premier hun sen 's decision ordering courts to drop all defamation charges against his critics .
the european union is to send a fact-finding team to the democratic republic of congo to study the feasibility of sending troops to support upcoming elections there , an eu source said tuesday .
four people were killed tuesday when a private jet careened off a runway in california , slammed into a building and burst into a ball of flames , authorities said .
an italian court will this week ponder the existence of christ after an atheist accused a priest of misleading the public by presenting jesus as an historical character .
us actor luke wilson will join his brother , screen heartthrob owen wilson , as a presenter at this year 's oscars ceremony , organisers said tuesday .
the un security council on tuesday extended until december ## the mandate of un peacekeepers in ivory coast and of the french forces backing them but made no decision on a request for an increase of the force .
three men died in bulgaria over the last two days , and three homeless people were hospitalized in serious condition as a cold wave coming in from russia hit the balkan state , local media reported .
a third opinion poll in finland showed tuesday that the country 's runoff presidential election could be close , though incumbent tarja halonen still led her challenger .
the european court of human rights on tuesday found turkey in breach of international law for having given a conscientious objector repeated prison terms .
egypt and morocco drew #-# in an african nations cup group a match here tuesday .
ivory coast became the first team to qualify for the african nations cup quarter-finals here on tuesday .
hosts egypt need just a point from their final group match to progress to the african nations cup quarter-finals after a #-# draw with morocco in their group a clash here on tuesday .
san francisco has the most wireless internet `` hot spots '' in the united states while seoul topped the list worldwide , an internet directory showed on tuesday .
hall-of-famer mario lemieux announced his retirement on tuesday , ending a glorious national hockey league career in which he led the pittsburgh penguins to two stanley cup titles .
the united nations said tuesday it was studying carefully a turkish proposal to lift trade and transport restrictions in cyprus in hopes of ending the island 's three-decade division .
poland 's new conservative president lech kaczynski tuesday spoke out in favor of renegotiating the european union 's constitutional treaty which he called a case of `` too much salt in the soup '' .
kalle palander of finland won the world cup slalom event here tuesday ahead of japan 's akira sasaki and benjamin raich of austria .
the un warcrimes court for the former yugoslavia has lifted the confidentiality covering testimony given in #### by croatian president stipe mesic , according to a court document released tuesday .
the st. louis rams , trying to get back in the national football league playoffs , tuesday tabbed ex new orleans saints coach jim haslett as their defensive coordinator .
washington and islamabad agreed tuesday to coordinate more closely in their `` war on terror '' campaign following tensions over a us airstrike targeted at al-qaeda militants in pakistan but which left civilians dead .
russian defense minister sergei ivanov on tuesday offered military aid to former soviet azerbaijan during a visit to baku , russian news agencies reported .
russia 's security council secretary and iran 's top nuclear negotiator called tuesday for the iranian nuclear problem to be resolved by diplomatic means and within the framework of the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- , officials in moscow said .
the failure of a braking system may have caused a train crash in montenegro in which at least ## people died and more than ### were injured , an investigating magistrate told state television tuesday .
kalle palander of finland won the world cup slalom event here tuesday ahead of japan 's akira sasaki and benjamin raich of austria .
a former beauty queen in the french polynesian island of bora bora has filed a complaint against argentinian football legend diego maradona , saying he threw a glass at her in a nightclub causing an injury that required eight stitches , the local prosecutor said tuesday .
hollywood and investors braced tuesday for confirmation that entertainment giant walt disney co. is to buy pixar animation in a deal worth seven billion dollars .
us insurer aon corp. said tuesday it would pull out of iran following concerns raised by the new york city pension funds about corporate connections to nations deemed to sponsor terrorism .
us stocks posted moderate gains tuesday for a second winning session in a row , lifted by strong earnings reports from mcdonald 's and a retreat in crude oil prices .
a former sierra leone cabinet minister , facing charges of war crimes , became the first defense witness tuesday at the un-backed court trying about a dozen people for crimes committed during the west african country 's war .
the us government on tuesday rejected a council of europe report which said the united states had put more than ### terror suspects through its secret `` rendition '' program in europe .
entertainment giant walt disney co. will buy computer animation studio pixar in a #.#-billion dollar deal announced by the companies on tuesday .
the united states on tuesday acknowledged the recent release of five syrian dissidents , but said damascus must set free all `` prisoners of conscience '' including opposition figure kamal labwani .
the indianapolis pacers ' disgruntled forward ron artest could be headed to sacramento in exchange for kings forward peja stojakovic , espn reported on tuesday .
holders inter milan are well placed to reach the last four of the italian cup after they drew #-# at lazio in the first leg of a fractious quarter-final tie here on tuesday .
the united states sees no need to send troops to haiti for peacekeeping duties ahead of elections scheduled in two weeks , state department spokesman sean mccormack said tuesday .
irish singer bono was awarded tuesday a german media prize for his commitment to humanitarian causes with former foreign minister joschka fischer , a fan of bono 's u# group , delivering a speech of praise .
us stocks posted a second winning session in a row tuesday , with sentiment lifted by a strong earnings report from mcdonald 's and a retreat in crude oil prices .
hall-of-famer mario lemieux announced his retirement on tuesday , ending a glorious national hockey league career in which he led the pittsburgh penguins to two stanley cup titles .
the dollar regained some ground against the other major currencies tuesday a day after a sharp selloff , but analysts said the greenback remains pressured by concerns that interest rate differentials will narrow .
anti-war protester cindy sheehan , mother of a us soldier killed in iraq , on tuesday joined more than ##,### anti-globalization activists in caracas , where she hailed venezuela 's leftist president hugo chavez .
poland 's lower house the diet early wednesday adopted the government 's #### budget , thus ruling out the immediate danger of an early election .
the united states announced tuesday that it would send its housing and urban development secretary as its representative to the <unk> of kosovo president ibrahim rugova .
scientists from europe and singapore say they have discovered the world 's tiniest fish -- a species that lives in peat wetlands in southeast asia and , when fully grown , is the size of a large mosquito .
tokyo stocks opened higher wednesday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
moscow 's steep increase in gas prices sparked anti-russian sentiment in armenia , one of its closest regional allies , the presidential spokesman warned late tuesday .
the slave trade by the west in africans apparently died out a couple of centuries ago but according to claude le roy it exists in a different form in agents conning the continent 's footballers to come to europe .
australian inflation rose by a lower-than-expected #.# percent in the december quarter , bringing the annual rate down to #.# percent , according to official data released wednesday .
hong kong gold prices opened slightly higher wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
hynix semiconductor inc. on wednesday announced strong fourth quarter results , thanks to its improved productivity and less-than-expected falls in memory chip prices .
australia on wednesday named its biggest ever team to compete in the winter olympics -- ## men and ## women who include a number of medals hopes in next month 's games in turin , italy .
australia on wednesday named its biggest ever team to compete in the winter olympics -- ## men and ## women who include a number of medals hopes in next month 's games in turin , italy .
south korean president roh moo-hyun warned wednesday of possible friction with the united states over moves in washington to put pressure on north korea .
hong kong share prices opened #.## percent higher wedneday following gains on wall street due to a further drop in oil price , dealers said .
china 's economy grew #.# percent in #### to be worth ##.### trillion yuan -lrb- #.## trillion dollars -rrb- , the national bureau of statistics -lrb- nbs -rrb- said wednesday .
- australian oil firm santos on wednesday reported record sales of #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- for #### and said it plans to boost spending on new exploration for oil and gas this year by ## percent .
two of the most tenacious fighters in women 's tennis square off for a spot in the australian open decider when fourth seed maria sharapova meets justine henin-hardenne in the semi-final thursday .
the us supreme court late tuesday temporarily halted the execution of a florida man scheduled to die for killing a policeman during a #### bank robbery .
former wimbledon champion pat cash has waded into the debate over the playing conditions at melbourne park , calling them `` a joke , ridiculous and unfair '' .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- warned wednesday that china was in the grip of a worsening hiv-aids epidemic with around ##,### new cases confirmed last year .
south korea 's economy grew #.# percent in the fourth quarter to december , the best year-on-year gain in six quarters , driven by strong exports and increased consumer spending , the central bank said wednesday .
the dollar extended gains in asian trade wednesday after sharp losses earlier this week , with investors waiting for friday 's quarterly us gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- figures , dealers said .
georgian president mikhail saakashvili and swedish prime minister goeran persson discussed the recent energy supply crisis that set georgia and russia at odds earlier this week .
irish running legend sonia o'sullivan wants to compete for australia at the commonwealth games in melbourne in march and is in the process of taking out citizenship .
skeleton coach tim nardiello , battling charges of sexual harrassment , wo n't be part of he us delegation to the turin olympics , the us olympic committee announced on tuesday .
australian prime minister john howard has warned that racial violence will be met with the full force of the law , amidst fears of race riots on the country 's national day thursday .
australian open organisers will consider changing a loophole in the tournament 's extreme heat rules that stops the roof on the main stadia being closed once a match has started .
municipal elections for new orleans , postponed due to the destruction caused by hurricane katrina , will now be held on april ## , louisiana governor kathleen blanco announced tuesday .
oil prices eased further in asian trade wednesday on reduced fears of near-term risks to global supply ahead of the latest us energy inventory numbers , dealers said .
the detroit pistons made coach flip saunders ' return to minnesota a winning one here tuesday as they routed saunders ' former team ###-## .
more than ## indonesians screamed anti-graft slogans at the top of their lungs in a contest aimed at encouraging the public to speak out against rampant corruption .
china 's yan zi and zheng jie ended the hopes of japan 's shinobu asagoe and her slovak partner katarina srebotnik to storm into the final of the australian open women 's doubles wednesday .
martina hingis ' dramatic career comeback at the australian open is generating as much interest online as it is among the melbourne park crowds , tournament organisers revealed wednesday .
separatists in india 's northeastern assam state were suspected of carrying out an overnight bomb attack on an oil installation , officials said wednesday , amid violence ahead of republic day .
an indonesian court has jailed three hardline muslims in central java 's yogyakarta for the #### bombing of the town 's main post office and an attempted bombing soon afterwards , a report said wednesday .
hong kong share prices finished the morning session flat wednesday in cautious trade ahead of the settlement of futures contracts thursday and the upcoming lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
polls opened in the west bank and gaza strip on wednesday for the first elections to the palestinian parliament in a decade , afp correspondents said .
vietnam moved a step closer to entering the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- wednesday after securing an accord with new zealand , leaving the united states and australia as the last major trading partners yet to wave the green flag .
regional authorities in russia 's far east wednesday called a halt to daily monitoring of the amur river 's waters after tests registered no more of the toxic slick that flowed into russia from china .
stalinist north korea urged the united states wednesday to lift financial sanctions to revive six-way nuclear disarmament talks , amid signs of a possible rift in the us-south korean alliance .
japanese share prices closed flat to firmer wednesday , giving up early gains as positive sentiment on further gains on wall street offset by a continuing scandal at internet firm livedoor , dealers said .
french third seed amelie mauresmo crushed switzerland 's seventh seed patty schnyder #-# , #-# to reach the australian open semi-finals wednesday .
moody 's investor service reaffirmed its highest rating for temasek holdings on wednesday after the state-linked singapore investor 's major foray into thailand 's telecommunications sector .
australia has dropped bowlers brett <unk> and james hopes for their return tri-series clash with sri lanka here thursday after the pair were clobbered around the ground in their last encounter .
mongolia 's parliament elected miyeegombo enkhbold , the mongolian people 's revolutionary party 's chairman , as the country 's new prime minister on wednesday , chinese state media said .
honduras international striker saul martinez has signed to play for j-league club omiya ardija , transfering from chinese club shanghai jiahua , club officials said wednesday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday as wall street extended modest gains overnight and better-than-expected inflation data eased concerns over the outlook for interest rates , dealers said .
indonesia is considering buying submarines from russia , south korea and china under a plan to acquire ## of them before #### , the navy said wednesday .
five women will be among ### iraqi detainees being freed on thursday , a justice ministry official said , but denied any link with demands made by the kidnappers of a us woman journalist .
japanese police are investigating a ##-year-old fortune teller who has effectively started a harem and is living with ## women , media reports said wednesday .
kyrgyzstan said wednesday it has given the united states new conditions , including a sharp hike in fees , for maintaining an airbase supporting us troops in afghanistan , officials said .
australian wicketkeeper and opener adam gilchrist was fined ## per cent of his match fee here wednesday after being found guilty of dissent during a tri-series match against south africa .
shares in livedoor changed hands for the first time in seven trading days on wednesday , with buyers emerging amid a probe into the disgraced internet firm that triggered an avalanche of sell orders .
australia 's competition watchdog said wednesday it would go to court to block a hostile #.# billion dollar -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- takeover by logistics giant toll holdings of rival transport firm patrick .
china said wednesday its net imports of crude and refined oil fell last year , and suggested it was not a major factor behind high global oil prices .
hamas 's chief candidate ismail haniya said wednesday that the islamist group would keep hold of its weapons if it enters the palestinian parliament as he cast his vote in gaza city .
the us online search engine google plans to launch a new service in china after agreeing to censor websites and content banned by the beijing authorities , us media reported .
tests by health authorities in indonesia have shown that a ##-year-old man from the capital jakarta is infected with bird flu , a health ministry official said wednesday .
a rights group on wednesday urged malaysia immediately to release ## alleged muslim militants detained without trial , or charge them in a court of law .
sven-goran eriksson on wednesday hit back at those who claim he has not been worth his money .
japanese share prices closed flat to firmer wednesday , giving up early gains as the market turned cautious ahead of a spate of upcoming corporate results , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices closed higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
prices of goods imported into germany rose by an annual average #.# percent in #### , the fastest rate in four years , mainly as a result of high energy prices , official data showed on wednesday .
iran said wednesday that it backed a plan to enrich its uranium in russia to defuse an international row over the islamic state 's nuclear power program .
iran said wednesday that it backed a plan to enrich its uranium in russia to defuse an international row over its nuclear power program , but warned against western attempts to put the debate before the united nations .
hong kong share prices closed flat wednesday in cautious trade ahead of the settlement of january futures contracts thursday and the upcoming lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
gloucester center henry paul has insisted that he is not considering a permanent return to super league despite making a one-off comeback on friday .
altana , the german pharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals maker , said wednesday that it achieved strong growth in sales and earnings for the ##th year in a row in #### .
taiwan on wednesday conditionally lifted its ban on us beef imports despite mad cow disease concerns .
siam cement , thailand 's biggest industrial conglomerate , said wednesday its net profit dropped last year due to high raw material and fuel costs , caused by soaring global oil prices .
tamil tiger rebels wednesday agreed to hold talks with the sri lankan government in geneva in mid-february , a top norwegian peace broker said here .
scandinavian airlines said it was suing pilot unions in denmark , norway and sweden in the swedish labor court over a wildcat strike by danish pilots that went into its third day on wednesday .
china 's state reserve bureau -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , manager of the country 's metal deposits , said wednesday it will ban its related units from trading in futures contracts to curb speculative trading losses .
the number of iraqis living below the poverty line has increased since the fall of the regime of saddam hussein in #### to one-fifth of the population , according to figures released wednesday .
former national skipper alan shearer admitted wednesday that he would like to see an englishman take over from sven-goran eriksson .
britain 's second-biggest insurance group prudential said on wednesday that sales rose to #.## billion pounds -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- in #### , a ##-percent increase compared with #### .
ten thousand people died in china last year after contracting aids by selling their blood , the government said wednesday , which <unk> said raised concerns about the official response to the problem .
linde , the german engineering conglomerate , said late tuesday that it had offered to buy british <unk> maker boc group for ## pounds per share or about #.# billion pounds -lrb- ## billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in all .
indonesia on wednesday said that opec should maintain its current oil output levels as prices were likely to stay high due to geopolitical risks over iran .
inflation in germany , the eurozone 's biggest economy , looks set to remain high this month , consumer price data for key regional states showed on wednesday .
hong kong share prices closed flat in cautious trade wednesday ahead of the settlement of january futures contracts thursday and the upcoming lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
taiwanese authorities said wednesday they had discovered a less virulent strain of bird flu in the south of the island and called on poultry farmers to step up precautionary measures .
top japanese chip maker nec electronics said wednesday it slid into the red in the third quarter to december , hit by weaker than expected sales of its semiconductors and sharply falling prices .
charlton athletic have told manager alan curbishley that they will not stand in his way if he wants to join the race to succeed sven-goran eriksson as england coach .
the rwandan government has launched its first national campaign to promote condoms among the largely illiterate population in a new drive to fight the spread of hiv\/aids , officials said wednesday .
bosnia , which begins talks on closer ties with the european union on wednesday , hopes to become an official candidate to join the bloc in eight years , an official said .
european stock markets rose in early dealing on wednesday , bouncing back from a weak finish the day before as wall street extended its recovery .
britain 's economy grew by #.# percent last year , the slowest pace since #### , official data showed on wednesday .
world oil prices fell on wednesday when traders geared up for the latest weekly snapshot of us crude inventories .
england winger james simpson-daniel has signed a three-year contract extension with gloucester , the club confirmed on wednesday .
china unofficially became the world 's fourth-largest economy on wednesday after reporting nearly double-digit growth for #### .
an international monetary fund delegation is due to meet zimbabwe 's finance minister on wednesday a day after the central bank released a report blaming the country 's economic crisis on sanctions imposed by the west .
ernie els admitted on wednesday that he feared for his career after suffering a potentially damaging knee injury which forced him to sit out four months last year .
belgian-brazilian brewing giant inbev will complete the takeover of chinese brewer fujian <unk> by the end of #### , the company said wednesday , bringing forward the planned acquisition by one year .
a chinese company is selling old paving slabs from beijing 's famous tiananmen square to people who want to own a piece of history , state media said wednesday .
the ex-yugoslav republic of montenegro on wednesday grieved over its worst-ever train crash in which at least ## people were killed and more than ### injured .
fifty-three people have died in ukraine during the past ## hours as a result of extreme cold , the health ministry said wednesday , bringing to at least ### the number of deaths since temperatures plunged last week .
fifty-three people have died in ukraine during the past ## hours as a result of extreme cold , the health ministry said wednesday , bringing to at least ### the number of deaths since temperatures plunged last week .
pope benedict xvi set the tone for his pontificate wednesday with his first encyclical , which places charity and love at the heart of the catholic church 's activities in a world where religion was too often associated with `` hatred and violence '' .
french business sentiment was stable in january , with heads of enterprise generally optimistic about their prospects , the national statistics institute insee reported wednesday .
members of royal families from ## nations have accepted thailand 's invitation to celebrations marking ## years since revered king bhumibol adulyadej took the throne , the government said wednesday .
munster hooker jerry flannery is set to make his first international start in ireland 's opening six nations tie against italy at lansdowne road on february # .
a european union delegation to bangladesh expressed `` serious concern '' wednesday for minority groups in the muslim country and urged the government to establish a national human rights commission .
iran 's foreign minister signalled wednesday that britain was viewed as a possible suspect in a double bomb attack in the southwestern city of ahvaz .
marseille 's spanish striker koke has been loaned to portuguese side sporting lisbon until the end of the season with an option to buy .
the chinese yuan 's exchange rate was an early topic wednesday at the world economic forum , with beijing 's trade partners still concerned despite a symbolic re-evaluation of the currency in july .
ukraine 's government ordered industry to slash its energy consumption to a bare minimum wednesday as gas use in this key transit nation of russian gas reached a new record , sparking fears that some european countries would again be left short of fuel .
the german government raised its official #### growth forecast on wednesday , predicting that the german economy would expand by #.# percent this year instead of the #.# percent it had been pencilling in previously .
world number nine guillermo coria has been left off the argentina team for their davis cup first round tie against sweden here next month .
two paintings by the ##th century italian artist caravaggio have been discovered in a church in <unk> , central france , the town 's municipal authority said wednesday .
indonesia said wednesday it had been asked by south korea to host three-nation talks with north korea as a possible way of defusing tensions over wider talks on the stalinist nation 's nuclear program .
the euro firmed on wednesday after a key survey of german business confidence came in well above expectations , while sterling hit a four-month high against the dollar on fresh british economic data .
china announced wednesday that a ##-year-old woman has died from bird flu , bringing the number of human fatalities in the country to seven .
the world can look forward to peace and harmony at the start of the new lunar year , but chinese soothsayers say the world should also expect conflict , disease outbreaks and natural disasters later in the year .
swiss top seed roger federer overcame a lacklustre performance to beat russian fifth seed nikolay davydenko #-# #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- and reach the semi-finals of the australian open wednesday .
the european commission urged microsoft on wednesday to comply with its march #### antitrust ruling ahead of what the us software giant has billed as a big announcement about the long-standing showdown .
the federal reserve , whose chairmanship changes hands next week for the first time since #### , enjoys unrivalled power in the us system of government to steer the world 's biggest economy .
the election of a new palestinian parliament is likely to herald the end of ahmed qorei 's tenure as prime minister , with a raft of contenders waiting in the wings to step into his post .
indonesia 's crude palm oil -lrb- cpo -rrb- exports are projected to rise this year by #.# percent to ##.# million tonnes , a report said wednesday .
us skier bode miller confirmed wednesday that he will not compete in the men 's world cup downhill and super-g events here this weekend .
kenya 's rapidly expanding national flag-carrier kenya airways announced plans wednesday to launch thrice-weekly flights to france in the coming months .
uzbekistan was set to join a russian-led economic group here wednesday , confirming its committment to moscow in a move seen as a trade-off for kremlin security backing to help ensure domestic stability in the strategic central asian state .
a un report into procurement operations at its peacekeeping missions has uncovered evidence of suspected mismanagement , favouritism and financial irregularities in its dealings with several companies , the financial times reported on wednesday .
british foreign secretary jack straw bluntly told iran wednesday it must stop nuclear fuel research if it is to avoid being hauled before the un security council but said a russian compromise plan may head off the crisis .
the presence of vijay singh and ernie els has not dampened the enthusiasm of asian stars who say they are ready to break the continental jinx at the joint sanctioned two million dollar qatar masters beginning thursday .
the british government on wednesday rejected as `` completely without foundation '' iran 's claim that british soldiers in iraq were behind a twin bomb attack in the iranian oil city of ahvaz .
indonesia 's defense minister said wednesday he would investigate alleged payments by us mining giant freeport to the indonesian military in exchange for security services .
bosnia 's sole gas company urged its customers wednesday to reduce gas use as russian gas exports to the country hit by cold weather were reduced by a quarter for the past week .
one person was missing wednesday after a helicopter carrying ## people , mainly humanitarian workers , crashed in sudan 's western region of darfur , a un spokeswoman said .
iran 's chief nuclear negotiator will arrive in china thursday for a two-day official visit , the iranian embassy said .
russian president vladimir putin proposed wednesday the creation of a un-controlled international network of sites for processing uranium to give all countries equal access to nuclear energy .
the libyan authorities have freed ## political prisoners , human rights watch announced wednesday , describing the releases as a very positive step .
russian energy giant gazprom accused ukraine wednesday of withholding increasing amounts of gas exports destined for clients in europe , interfax news agency said .
suspected militants threw a hand grenade at the indian consulate in afghanistan 's southern city of kandahar but it exploded outside , causing no casualties , officials said wednesday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi said wednesday elections would take place as scheduled on april # , but that parliament would sit for two weeks longer .
medical device maker guidant said wednesday it was accepting a ##-billion-dollar takeover bid from rival boston scientific and canceling its planned merger with johnson and johnson .
us software giant microsoft said wednesday it would comply with a key condition of the european commission to resolve an anti-trust row by licensing the source code of its windows operating system .
england 's left-arm spinner ashley giles is losing ground in his fight back to fitness following hip surgery meaning he remains a serious doubt for the tour of india .
a patrol unit led by a norwegian officer and made up of finnish soldiers came under fire in northern afghanistan on wednesday , but no one was injured in the attack , norway 's armed forces said .
the eldest daughter of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet was arrested at a washington airport after fleeing chile where she has been charged with tax fraud , a government spokesman said wednesday .
the nigerian government wednesday expressed its commitment to protect the lives and properties of all citizens and foreigners in the wake of an attack on an agip oil <unk> which claimed nine lives .
the presence of vijay singh and ernie els has not dampened the enthusiasm of asian stars who say they are ready to break the continental jinx at the joint sanctioned two-million-dollar qatar masters beginning thursday .
bbva , the second-biggest spanish bank , reported a strong rise in annual profits wednesday , in line with analysts ' forecasts .
some ### scandinavian airlines pilots in denmark agreed wednesday to end a three-day wildcat strike that has stranded tens of thousands of passengers in copenhagen , their union announced .
the european commission announced on wednesday that it had allocated ## million euros in aid to afghanistan and neighbouring iran and pakistan -- temporary home to many afghan refugees .
the global advertising market should be stronger this year than last owing to the winter olympics , soccer world cup and us congressional elections , but the situation will still be tough overall , the head of advertising giant wpp group said wednesday .
a suspected member of the irish republican army accused of helping to plant a bomb at a british army base in germany has turned himself in to german authorities , it was announced on wednesday .
france hosted ##.# million tourists in #### , including an increasing number of chinese visitors , the french tourism ministry said on wednesday , describing the result as stable compared with #### .
andy robinson has insisted wales are favorites to beat world champions england in the opening round of the six nations - even though they have n't won at twickenham for ## years .
business services group rentokil initial said wednesday it would close its key loss-making linen division in britain , with up to #,### jobs threatened .
iran 's foreign minister said wednesday that a russian proposal for the islamic republic to conduct sensitive nuclear work abroad did offer a basis for compromise in the crisis .
nigeria skipper austin ` jay jay ' okocha has declared himself nigeria 's biggest fan here at the african nations cup after a thigh injury forced him to miss the team 's opening game against rivals ghana .
iran said wednesday it was willing to send a team of `` independent investigators '' to visit former nazi deaths camps across europe -- but not president mahmoud ahmadinejad who has described the holocaust as a `` myth '' .
russian oil giant lukoil on wednesday announced what it termed the largest oil and gas discovery in russia in the last ## years and said it had acquired a ## percent stake in a gas company operating in southern russia .
under-fire british foreign secretary jack straw wednesday knew there was only one way to placate greek cypriots outraged over his visit to the breakaway north , applaud cyprus tennis sensation marcos baghdatis .
us president george w. bush on wednesday telephoned canadian conservative party leader stephen harper to congratulate him on his election victory , according to white house spokesman scott mcclellan .
palestinians went to the polls on wednesday to elect ### mps in only the second ever sitting parliament .
ivory coast 's new interim government formed to press on with disarmament and elections in the divided country held its first proper meeting on wednesday , without its top rebel member .
un secretary general kofi annan joined global sports figures wednesday in highlighting athletics support for the united nation 's development goals .
crude oil exports from southern iraq resumed wednesday after a ##-hour suspension due to a storm in the gulf , oil industry and port terminal officials said .
austrian authorities said wednesday they had suspended a teacher of the islamic religion who was jailed for neo-nazi activities before turning muslim .
poland will reconsider its opposition to a deal agreed by ## out of ## european union member states on services exempt from minimum value-added tax rules , its finance minister said wednesday .
an israeli court will on february ## sentence stricken premier ariel sharon 's son omri , who was convicted last year on charges of corruption , legal sources said wednesday .
us agriculture secretary mike johanns on wednesday welcomed news that taiwan is lifting a ban on imports of us beef imposed to keep out mad cow disease .
chris paterson believes scotland fans will see an improved side when their team opens its six nations campaign against favorites france next month .
the white house on wednesday hailed the palestinian parliamentary election as `` historic '' and declined to restate past opposition to seeing the islamist radical group hamas win seats .
italian prosecutors called wednesday for the dismissal of prime minister silvio berlusconi 's accusations against his political adversaries for alleged links with a banking scandal .
europe 's top human rights tribunal heard a complaint wednesday lodged by convicted terrorist illich ramirez sanchez , better known as `` carlos the jackal , '' about harsh prison conditions he says he suffered in france .
the european commission pressed eu states wednesday to speed up economic reform efforts , as it gave them mixed scorecards in a relaunched drive to boost the continent 's fragile recovery .
existing home sales in the united states fell #.# percent in december to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of #.## million , the lowest in nearly two years , an industry report said wednesday .
iraq 's sunnis arabs on wednesday insisted during a meeting with top shiite leaders that plans to adopt a federal structure for the country be shelved before forming the new government .
us stockpiles of crude oil fell over the past week but gasoline and distillate levels rose , the department of energy said wednesday .
spanish national carrier iberia has approached tourist group <unk> to discuss setting up a new low-cost airline , <unk> chairman miguel <unk> said wednesday .
south africa should use its `` high moral ground '' to vote against iran 's nuclear program at a key meeting of the un nuclear watchdog agency , us ambassador gregory schulte said on wednesday .
two cycling races which normally take place in spain in spring , the catalan week and the tour of aragon , will not take place this year , the organisers of both events said on wednesday .
an austrian sentenced to ## years in prison for libel in iraqi kurdistan has been released , the austrian foreign ministry said wednesday in a statement .
the us authorities confirmed wednesday they were questioning the eldest daughter of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet at a washington-area airport after her arrival from argentina .
a bosnian student said wednesday he was hoping to earn enough to support his education by copying an internet advertising feat made famous by a briton .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- said wednesday that it was negotiating with moscow to try to restart a program of visits to prisons in chechnya that has been suspended for more than a year .
the bulgarian town of <unk> has set up a fund for families in montenegro 's <unk> polje who lost relatives in that country 's worst-ever train crash , two years after the people of <unk> polje rescued <unk> students from a bus accident .
turkey 's unemployment rate was projected at ##.# percent in the three-month period from september to november #### , the statistics institute said wednesday .
the prices of platinum , copper , lead and zinc struck record high points in trading here on wednesday owing to strong buying by investment funds , analysts said .
the trial on embezzlement charges of a prominent uzbek opposition leader opened in tashkent on wednesday , a day after a human rights activist was allegedly badly beaten up in a bid to scare him away from the courtroom .
kyrgyzstan prime minister felix kulov attacked the widespread corruption in the police force and the judiciary and called for urgent reforms in an interview published wednesday .
fears that world cup matches in germany kicking off at #:## pm would fall foul of laws limiting noise were allayed on wednesday when the government granted special permission for the games .
the european commission pressed eu states wednesday to speed up economic reform efforts , as it gave them mixed scorecards in a relaunched drive to boost the continent 's fragile recovery .
spain and real madrid captain raul hopes to make his comeback from a knee injury in early march .
people who are nervous about public speaking should first have <unk> sex to ease the stress , although masturbation is unlikely to have the same effect , an unusual study reported in next saturday 's new scientist says .
us stocks clung to modest gains wednesday as upbeat earnings news and mergers along with a further decline in energy futures helped offset a weaker-than-expected report on the housing market .
a takeover bid for denmark 's leading telephone operator , tdc , by a group of investment funds has met with shareholder acceptance rate of ##.# percent , bidders nordic telephone company -lrb- ntc -rrb- said on wednesday .
defense secretary john reid declined to comment wednesday on reports britain would soon deploy up to an additional #,### troops in afghanistan until he consults with colleagues over the next ## hours .
polling stations started to close in the west bank and gaza strip on wednesday after ## hours of voting in the second ever palestinian parliamentary election , organisers said .
controversial swiss theologian hans <unk> on wednesday criticised pope benedict xvi for keeping silent on key themes in his first <unk> .
gavin henson is set to join the legions of wales fans watching their heroes on television when the six nations grand slam champions begin the defense of their title away to england next month .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer will fly to slovakia thursday to attend a memorial service for ## of the country 's troops killed in a plane crash while returning from kosovo last week , his office said .
serbian president boris tadic said wednesday he learned with regret that his wish to attend the funeral of kosovo president ibrahim rugova had been turned down .
a senior member of fatah said he believed the ruling palestinian faction had `` comfortably won '' the general election after polls closed in the west bank and gaza strip wednesday .
european football 's governing body uefa said on wednesday it had no plans to open a probe of the doping allegations raging around french club marseille .
a new law that reinforces citizens ' rights to defend themselves with firearms sparked a heated debate in italy on wednesday , less than three months ahead of parliamentary elections .
compulsory military service will stay in turkey , the defense ministry said wednesday after a ruling by the european court of human rights in favor of a turkish objector led to suggestions that ankara may need to reform its draft system .
the berlin-based firm of architects heinle , <unk> and partner was on wednesday given the go-ahead to construct the city 's nazi documentation center , the local authorities said .
three german officials set to accompany the team to next month 's winter olympics in turin have been <unk> from the final squad due to their connections with the stasi , the german national olympic committe -lrb- nok -rrb- confirmed wednesday .
millions of dollars of us money intended for the reconstruction of iraq were wasted and mismanaged by the us-run government in iraq between #### and #### , a military watchdog said in a new report .
veteran goalkeeper dean kiely became premiership strugglers portsmouth 's sixth transfer window signing wednesday when he joined the south coast club from charlton for an undisclosed fee .
the united nations said wednesday it was sending a senior legal expert to lebanon to assist efforts to bring those responsible for the murder of ex-lebanese premier rafiq hariri before an international tribunal .
the un security council on wednesday sharply condemned as `` an unacceptable outrage '' the attack by suspected ugandan rebels that left eight guatemalan un peacekeepers dead in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- .
the author of the internationally best-selling series of books about the young wizard harry potter wednesday threw her weight behind efforts to improve the condition of romania 's ##,### abandoned children .
georgian foreign minister gela bezhuashvili expressed concern on wednesday about a growing number of incidents that have hit gas supplies from russia as his country struggles through a tough winter .
a northern italian province with a german-speaking majority , alto adige , has asked austria to protect its right to self-determination , prompting indignation of italian authorities , media reports said wednesday .
the sole survivor of a slovakian military plane crash that killed ## people last week thanked his hungarian rescuers wednesday in his first public appearance since the disaster .
unions for struggling italian airline alitalia called for staff to return to work wednesday , the seventh consecutive day of a strike , after an inconclusive meeting with the government .
more than ### people were injured on tuesday night , ## of them with serious burns , when containers of petrol exploded at a shop in <unk> , south of niger , private <unk> radio report wednesday .
security forces in liberia tuesday arrested simon rosenblum , a long-time business partner of liberia 's former strongman charles taylor , a defense ministry source said wednesday .
british foreign secretary jack straw arrived in turkey wednesday for talks on the cyprus conflict , a day after ankara announced a set of proposals to help end the island 's three-decade division , a major stumbling block for its bid to join the european union .
british cyclist david millar has revealed how his life spiralled out of control and why he turned to the booze after being hit with a two-year drug ban .
parliamentarians from the council of europe 's ## member states on wednesday rejected a text that called for the condemnation of crimes committed under communist totalitarian regimes .
greenpeace on wednesday called for a moratorium on tourist construction on the spanish coast to preserve rare species threatened with extinction by eager <unk> .
un secretary general kofi annan on wednesday hailed the norwegian-brokered accord under which sri lanka 's warring parties are to meet for direct peace talks after a near three-year deadlock .
a spanish court wednesday ordered that two suspected islamist radicals , one believed to have recruited fighters for iraq , be detained on charges of belonging to a terrorist organization , a court source said .
ivorian opposition presidential candidate alassane ouattara returned to the troubled west african country wednesday after a three-year exile , according to an afp journalist at abidjan airport .
european football 's governing body uefa said on wednesday they were working on a player insurance system for euro #### in an effort to head off a growing split caused by international call-ups .
german chancellor angela merkel argued wednesday for a loosening of the shackles that hinder economic restructuring , saying innovation was the key to bolstering european growth .
the us supreme court on wednesday stopped the planned execution of florida death row inmate clarence hill after his lawyers appealed saying that the chemicals to be used were inhumane .
us activists participating in the the world social forum in caracas , announced wednesday they would stage ### anti-war demonstrations across the united states .
german chancellor angela merkel argued wednesday for a loosening of the shackles that hinder economic restructuring , saying innovation was the key to bolstering european growth .
hollywood darling jennifer aniston will take part in the oscars ceremony for the first time this year , presenting one of the golden statuettes to a winner , organisers said wednesday .
irish prime minister bertie ahern told parliament on wednesday that the us authorities renewed assurances this week that they were not transporting terrorist suspects through the country 's airports .
pirates have hijacked yet another merchant ship off the coast of lawless somalia despite the us navy 's seizure there last week of a suspected pirate vessel , maritime officials said wednesday .
former us president gerald ford has been released from a california hospital where he spent ## days being treated for pneumonia , his office said wednesday .
ranbaxy laboratories , the indian generic drug maker , is looking at possible acquisitions of all sizes , chief executive <unk> mohan singh said wednesday .
french president jacques chirac wednesday sent to the country 's constitutional council , its highest judicial body , a hotly-disputed legal reference to the `` positive role '' played by france 's colonial history .
portugal will this weekend host its first-ever contest dedicated to selecting the best short movies made in the country with mobile phones , organizers said wednesday .
us stocks limped to a mixed close wednesday as worries about a weaker-than-expected report on the housing market offset mostly upbeat earnings and merger news along with a sharp decline in oil prices .
seven-time tour de france champion lance armstrong said he plans to spend the remaining two years of his contract with the discovery channel team by acting as a mentor to the younger riders .
the radical islamist movement hamas disputed the results of exit polls wednesday which forecast that it had narrowly failed to beat the ruling fatah faction in the palestinian election .
canada 's paul martin said goodbye wednesday after his liberals lost to stephen harper 's conservatives in a general election , ending his ## years in politics and two years as prime minister .
the five major marathons -lrb- boston , london , berlin , chicago and new york -rrb- have formed a new circuit with a one million dollar prize , the usa track and field announced on wednesday .
alberto gilardino scored four minutes from time to give ac milan a #-# win over palermo in the first leg of their italian cup quarter-final on wednesday .
a team of ## astronomers from a dozen countries say they have found the smallest earth-like planet beyond the solar system .
a muslim group in kenya said wednesday it plans to send a delegation to iraq to plead for the release of two kenyan telecommunication engineers abducted in baghdad last week .
a prison inmate was found guilty wednesday of murdering former priest john geoghan , a central figure in the worst child abuse scandal ever to hit the us roman catholic church .
denver center marcus camby , who missed the last ## games due to a fractured right finger , may return as early as friday when the nuggets face the los angeles clippers .
wall street saw a rally effort fade wednesday as worries about a weaker-than-expected report on the us housing market offset mostly upbeat earnings and merger news as well as a sharp drop in oil prices .
billionaire investor kirk kerkorian 's holding company said wednesday it had bought ## million shares of troubled general motors corp. to take its total stake back up to #.# percent .
no official announcement on the results of the palestinian parliamentary election are to be announced until thursday morning , organisers said .
seven accused us movie pirates have pleaded guilty to copying the mega-hit movie `` star wars : episode iii , '' which made it onto a website the day before its release , prosecutors said wednesday .
washington moved wednesday to <unk> a landmark us-india civilian nuclear deal with how new delhi votes on the iranian nuclear question at a key meeting of the un atomic watchdog agency .
frank thomas , who is the all-time leader in virtually every offensive category with the chicago white sox , signed a one-year contract with the oakland athletics on wednesday .
the indiana pacers traded disgruntled forward ron artest to the sacramento kings for three-time all star peja stojakovic , the pacers announced on wednesday .
hollywood star nicole kidman is to be named goodwill ambassador of the united nations development fund for women -lrb- unifem -rrb- , the fund said wednesday .
tokyo stocks opened higher thursday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
feisty british lawmaker george galloway found himself in the center of a political storm on thursday following his high-profile eviction from a reality television show .
south korea 's current account surplus fell sharply last year because of a decline in the merchandise trade surplus and an expanded service account deficit , the bank of korea said thursday .
chinese financial markets close thursday for the lunar new year .
australian financial markets are closed thursday for a public holiday .
us president george w. bush said in a newspaper interview wednesday he would refuse to deal with the islamist movement hamas , which had a strong showing in the palestinian elections , until it ends its drive to destroy israel .
kosovo president ibrahim rugova , who died on saturday of lung cancer at the age of ## , will be buried in a state funeral in the provincial capital pristina on thursday , officials said .
the warriors of zimbabwe lost both home and away to nigeria in the qualifying tournament for both the #### world cup and nations cup but have thus vowed to avenge the humiliation when both teams clash here on friday in a group d tie .
england striker michael owen is adamant that the furore over coach sven-goran eriksson will not sabotage his teammates ' world cup campaign this summer .
hong kong gold prices opened higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
golf superstar tiger woods launches his #### campaign at the buick invitational this week , after a substantial break spent resting and spending time with his ailing father .
an explosion from an unknown source at a state-run pharmacy college in the indonesian capital thursday injured at least ## students , police and reports said .
hollywood star nicole kidman was honored by her home country on australia day thursday for her charity work as well as her acting .
world cup overall champion bode miller headlines a ##-strong alpine team nominated for the turin olympics by the us ski and snowboard association here on wednesday .
the united states welcomed wednesday an agreement by the sri lankan government and tamil tiger rebels to resume peace talks and urged them to take immediate action to prevent violence .
hong kong share prices opened firmer thursday , adding #.## percent following a drop in oil prices and further gains on the japanese market , dealers said .
south korea said thursday it would reduce by half its screen quota for domestically produced films , in a move aimed at facilitating talks with the united states on a free trade agreement -lrb- fta -rrb- .
south korea said thursday it would reduce by half its screen quota for domestically produced films , in a move aimed at facilitating talks with the united states on a free trade agreement -lrb- fta -rrb- .
pieces of musical history fluttered in the wind this week as the city of detroit demolished the old motown records headquarters to build a new parking lot for the thousands of tourists expected in february for the super bowl .
us officials on wednesday called on negotiators from kosovo working on determining the final status of the serbian province to remain united following the death of president ibrahim rugova .
the dollar slipped against the yen in asian trade thursday as japanese exporters bought back the local unit for immediate needs after it fell sharply overnight , dealers said .
six russian servicemen in western siberia were detained on suspicion of brutal hazing that led to serious injuries for eight people , the military prosecutors said .
the white house on wednesday denied holding up inquiries into hurricane katrina after being accused of ignoring warnings about the disaster .
iran 's top national security official arrived in china thursday for a one-day visit , as the islamic republic pushed diplomatic efforts to avoid being referred to the un security council over its nuclear program .
sri lanka won the toss and chose to bat first in their triangular series one-day cricket match against australia at the adelaide oval on thursday .
guus hiddink 's agent has said the dutchman is ready to talk with football federation australia -lrb- ffa -rrb- about staying on to guide the team to the #### asian cup finals .
lleyton hewitt will miss australia 's davis cup tie with switzerland in geneva next month with an ankle injury sustained during the australian open , tennis australia -lrb- ta -rrb- said thursday .
twelve towns in the southeastern australian state of victoria were on high alert thursday against raging bushfires that have already destroyed ## homes and killed two people and thousands of farm animals .
oil prices continued lower in asian trade thursday following an increase in us inventories and an apparent easing of tensions over developments in key producers iran and nigeria , dealers said .
former indonesian vice president <unk> , a close confidant to ailing ex-president suharto , has died in hospital at the age of ## , a hospital worker said thursday .
nicolas kiefer has been fined #,### us dollars for verbal abuse in his quarter-final against sebastien grosjean but escaped punishment for throwing his racquet at him .
peter forsberg , expected to lead sweden at the turin olympics next month , aggravated a groin injury on wednesday in philadelphia 's national hockey league loss to montreal .
switzerland thursday welcomed a breakthrough in sri lanka 's stalled peace process between the government and tamil rebels and said it was ready to host both sides next month .
indonesian prosecutors on thursday sought the death penalty for a second australian accused of leading a heroin trafficking ring of nine people on the resort island of bali .
india 's leander paes and martin damm of the czech republic stormed into the australian open men 's doubles final thursday to set up a decider against the american bryan brothers .
hong kong share prices finished the morning session flat as investors remained cautious due to the settlement of futures contracts and the upcoming lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
indonesian prosecutors on thursday sought the death penalty for a second australian accused of leading a heroin trafficking ring of nine people on the resort island of bali .
defamation cases against five cambodian rights activists have not been dismissed , court officials said thursday , despite calls by prime minister hun sen to drop the charges against his critics .
wallaby and new south wales waratah 's back mat rogers will miss the first super ## match and could be out for as many as three rounds in the competition as he grieves over the death of his father , his coach said thursday .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday as easing oil prices and a weaker yen buoyed confidence in a market continuing to recover from the livedoor shock , dealers said .
president evo morales ' sister will give up her butcher shop to become bolivia 's first lady , filling the role because the new leftist leader is single , his office said wednesday .
hamas officials said thursday that the radical islamist movement had won an absolute majority of seats in the palestinian general election .
the united nations is keen to bridge differences over iraq 's new post-saddam hussein constitution which has been strongly opposed by the country 's minority sunni arabs .
taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co -lrb- tsmc -rrb- , the world 's largest contract microchip maker , said thursday its net profit in #### rose #.# percent from a year earlier .
malaysia 's southern johor state government said thursday it would launch its first official effort to track down the mysterious `` bigfoot '' creatures said to be roaming its jungles .
korean air said thursday it suffered a ## percent drop in #### net profit due to higher fuel prices , a strike by pilots and a stronger won .
global electronics maker sony said thursday its third quarter net profit rose more than ## percent on improving sales and favorable exchange rates , and that it no longer expected to end the year in the red .
experts have found more damage to the russian-georgian natural gas pipeline that was hit in a sabotage attack at the weekend , gazprom officials said early thursday .
sri lanka made ###-# off ## overs in their triangular series limited-overs cricket match against australia at the adelaide oval on thursday .
former world number one lindsay davenport has withdrawn from the #.##-million-dollar pan pacific open next week following an ankle injury during the australian open , organizers said thursday .
china expressed support thursday for a plan to have iran 's uranium enriched in russia as a way to end the global impasse over the islamic republic 's nuclear program .
sri lanka struggled without the services of big-hitting opener sanath jayasuriya , limping to ###-# off ## overs in their triangular series one-day match against australia at the adelaide oval on thursday .
a south korean court on thursday ordered two us firms who manufactured agent orange to compensate thousands of south korean vietnam war veterans and their families .
a us jury has convicted a palestinian born man of violating us sanctions against saddam hussein 's regime and other laws but deadlocked on the charge that he had tried to sell the names of american spies to baghdad .
swedish retail clothing giant h and m on thursday reported fourth-quarter earnings which , although improved , fell short of market expectations because of sluggish sales and increased costs .
siemens , the german electronics and engineering giant , said thursday that restructuring costs in the first three months of its current business year had resulted in a fall in net profit .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday as easing oil prices and a weaker yen buoyed confidence in a market continuing to recover from the livedoor shock , dealers said .
pakistani investigators said thursday they are searching for two brothers who allegedly used their food businesses to finance taliban rebels in afghanistan .
the us military said ### detainees in iraq , including five women , were released thursday , in what is being seen as a move that could help free a us reporter being held hostage .
a vietnamese cyber-dissident said thursday he had been released from jail after serving a third of his ##-year jail sentence for `` spying '' but faces house arrest for three years .
bird flu has been detected in poultry in the turkish-held north of cyprus , but it was not yet clear whether it was the highly infectious strain of the virus that is deadly to humans , a senior turkish cypriot official said .
suspected taliban fighters ambushed an army post in southeastern afghanistan and killed two local soldiers , while a bomb destroyed a tanker supplying fuel to us-led troops , defense officials said thursday .
the united states has agreed to the extradition of an american man wanted in the philippines for allegedly swindling a tourist resort over the sale of an aeroplane , the justice department said thursday .
belgian police conducted around ## early morning raids in brussels on thursday as part of the country 's fight against islamic extremism , authorities said .
hong kong share prices closed flat thursday in cautious trade , with investors looking forward to the settlement of futures contracts and the upcoming lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices closed higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to wednesday 's finish of ###.##-### .## dollars .
turkish authorities battled to open blocked roads on thursday as heavy snow and cold winds kept a tight grip on the country , with officials forecasting more freezing weather .
the european union is ready to cooperate with any future palestinian government as long as it intends to pursue a peaceful resolution of the middle east conflict , eu external relations commissioner benita ferrero-waldner said thursday .
south korea 's largest carmaker hyundai motor said thursday it posted a record net profit in #### but sales dropped for the first time in seven years .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei announced his resignation thursday and said the radical islamist group hamas must form the next government after the general election .
japan 's nintendo said thursday that foreign exchange gains led to ##.# percent growth in net profit for the first three quarters to december but sales slipped faced with a tough challenge by sony .
hong kong share prices closed flat thursday in cautious trade , with investors looking forward to the settlement of futures contracts and the upcoming lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
israel is to train and equip a kenyan emergency response team similar to the elite israeli unit that led search and rescue operations at the site of a deadly nairobi building collapse this week , officials said thursday .
saudi arabia said thursday it expects opec to maintain current output levels at its upcoming meeting while his country could increase supply in the last quarter of #### if demand warrants .
pakistan has arrested ## indian fishermen and seized their boats for poaching in pakistani waters in the arabian sea , officials said thursday .
arsenal have made a lucrative offer to star striker thierry henry in their bid to hold on to the frenchman , chairman peter hill-wood has said .
israel 's acting leader ehud olmert was thursday to convene an emergency security meeting to discuss the ramifications of a likely hamas win in the palestinian election , an official said .
lawyers for zacarias moussaoui , the french al-qaeda member who confessed his role in the september ## attacks , plan to argue their client is mentally ill and the product of a troubled family in a bid to spare him the death penalty , according to court papers .
china 's largest computer maker , lenovo group , said thursday it had posted a ## percent year-on-year growth in third quarter net profit to ### million hong kong dollars -lrb- ## million us dollars -rrb- .
kim clijsters hoped to celebrate her new world number one ranking with a place in the australian open final .
bangladesh thursday rejected the `` serious concern '' of a european union delegation for the rights of minorities in the muslim-majority country .
european stock markets rose strongly in early dealing on thursday , helped by a solid rebound in tokyo that offset a weak finish on wall street , dealers said .
radical islamist faction hamas called thursday for the united states to respect the result of the elections and `` the will of the palestinian people '' .
this summer 's world cup may be the firm focus of international attention but european managers will have one eye focused on the swiss lakeside resort of montreux on friday when the starting draw for euro #### is held .
simon hughes , the leadership contender for britain 's second opposition liberal democrats , admitted having had gay relationships thursday and lying about it when asked .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad has ordered the islamic republic 's civil aviation authority to start direct passenger flights to arch-enemy the united states , an official said thursday .
lithuanian cyclist raimondas rumsas , who finished third in the #### tour de france , was given a four-month suspended prison sentence here on thursday for the importation of prohibited doping substances .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas said thursday that he had accepted prime minister ahmed qorei 's resignation after hamas 's apparent victory in a general election .
us trade representative rob portman urged trading partners thursday to take risks and push for a balanced deal in stuttering global trade talks before a meeting of more than ## wto nations in switzerland .
hamas ' likely victory in palestinian parliamentary elections may put the european union in an `` entirely new situation '' if the results are confirmed , eu foreign policy chief javier solana said thursday .
challenger was a special space shuttle flight because of the presence of christa mcauliffe , a high school teacher who was to be the first <unk> in space .
these are the key figures in the enron affair , the massive corporate scandal that culminates with the trial starting next monday of its two former top executives .
egypt 's muslim brotherhood on thursday welcomed the stunning election success of the palestinian islamist movement hamas but urged it to preserve national unity .
these are the key figures in the enron affair , the massive corporate scandal that culminates with the trial starting next monday of its two former top executives .
alitalia staff slowly returned to work thursday after a more than a week of labor unrest , but the airline was still forced to cancel ### flights as a backlog of aircraft had to be checked by returning maintenance personnel .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas is to ask the radical islamist movement hamas to form a new government without fatah , chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat said thursday .
richemont , the world 's second-biggest luxury goods group , said thursday that its sales jumped in the final quarter of #### , owing largely to a surge in asia .
interpol has issued international notices following a request by pakistan for the arrest of former prime minister benazir bhutto and her husband on corruption charges , officials said thursday .
us president george w. bush said his government will `` exhaust all diplomacy '' and work with us allies as it seeks to address iran 's disputed nuclear program , according to a newspaper interview .
a sudanese woman working for a humanitarian agency was killed when a helicopter evacuating aid workers from a conflict zone in darfur crashed shortly after takeoff , her employers announced thursday .
alitalia staff slowly returned to work thursday after a more than a week of labor unrest , but the airline was still forced to cancel some ### flights as a backlog of aircraft had to be checked by returning maintenance personnel .
a hardline indonesian muslim group on thursday hailed the victory of the radical islamist movement hamas in the palestinian parliamentary election .
a new film by veteran us director sidney lumet and an iranian picture about women and soccer will round out the ## movies vying for the golden bear top prize at next month 's berlin film festival .
malaysia said thursday it will start building a bridge halfway across the strait dividing it from singapore , even though its neighbor has not yet approved plans to build the other half .
eu external relations commissioner benita <unk> said thursday the european commission was `` rather sceptical '' about a warm reception tehran has given to a russian proposal for iran to conduct sensitive nuclear work abroad .
any joint commission meetings among cameroon , nigeria and the united nations to solve a border dispute over the oil-rich bakassi peninsula has been postponed until a summit between the two countries ' leaders , a cameroon official said thursday .
the bosnian serb parliament met on thursday to vote on a no-confidence motion against the entity 's nationalist government , as the opposition claims it has no longer the support of the majority of deputies .
the united states extradited to croatia an ethnic serb sentenced here to ## years in jail for war crimes committed during the ####-#### serbo-croatian war , the government said thursday .
europe 's arctic cold front loosened its deadly grip thursday , but not before claiming at least ## more victims overnight in ukraine , poland and half-a-dozen other countries battered by a week of <unk> temperatures .
malaysia said thursday it aims to become the world 's top producer of biodiesel amid an aggressive expansion in its palm oil production as demand soars for the alternative fuel .
british foreign secretary jack straw has urged the radical islamist movement hamas , which has apparently won palestinian elections , to stop violence and recognize israel , a spokesman said thursday .
thousands of people shouting `` death to britain '' paraded through the streets of ahvaz in southwestern iran on thursday as the victims from this week 's double bomb attack in the city were buried .
the dollar weakened against the euro and steadied against the yen thursday on the eve of key us growth data expected to provide clues about the future direction of interest rates in the united states .
pakistan coach bob woolmer on thursday rubbished suggestions the hosts had deliberately prepared <unk> wickets to avoid losing the test series to india .
china 's banking regulator said thursday the non-performing loan ratio of the country 's major commercial banks fell to #.# percent at the end of #### -- the first time it fell to a single-digit figure .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier on thursday urged the radical islamic movement hamas , which has apparently won palestinian elections , to reject violence and recognize israel .
lloyds tsb said thursday that the chairman of gus , victor blank , would leave the retail group and take charge at britain 's fifth biggest bank later this year .
authorities in georgia are prepared to control the price of kerosene and gas canisters amid evidence that some fuel traders have raised their prices to take advantage of an energy crisis in the country , the head of the presidential administration said thursday .
president pervez musharraf mounted a strong defense thursday of pakistan 's plans for a natural gas pipeline with iran , amid pressure from a concerned united states .
manchester united captain gary neville was charged with improper conduct by the english football association on thursday for his goal celebrations against liverpool .
iran on thursday congratulated the radical palestinian group hamas for its election victory and praised voters for choosing `` to continue the struggle and resistance against occupation '' .
haiti 's interim prime minister , gerard <unk> , has extended an invitation to caricom leaders to send a ministerial team to monitor upcoming elections in the troubled caribbean country .
iran on thursday congratulated the islamist palestinian group hamas for its election victory and praised voters for choosing `` to continue the struggle and resistance against occupation '' .
an international monetary fund team held meetings with key finance officials in zimbabwe on thursday after its narrow escape from imf expulsion last year for debt arrears .
the un mission in ivory coast begun thursday to evacuate some of its civilian staff temporarily to neighbouring gambia after attacks last week on peacekeepers and aid agencies , a un source said thursday .
public hearings opened in sweden on thursday into the government 's <unk> handling of the december #### tsunami crisis and in which prime minister goeran persson and his foreign minister are to testify .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice assured moderate palestinian leader mahmud abbas of washington 's continued support thursday following the radical islamist movement hamas 's election win .
norwegian nordic skier marit bjorgen has suffered a setback in her preparations for the winter olympics next month after being diagnosed with bronchitis by doctors on thursday .
the european commission raised doubts thursday that microsoft 's decision to publish some of its top-secret computer code was the best way to respond to eu regulators ' demands in a long-standing anti-trust case .
ivory coast 's new interim government tasked with disarmament and elections in the divided country condemned last week 's violence against the un , an official statement said thursday after its first working session .
european football 's governing body uefa on thursday charged manchester united winger ronaldo with misconduct during a champions league game against benfica .
an empty <unk> bearing the star of david instead of a number was to roll silently through the streets of the polish capital thursday to commemorate victims of the holocaust .
three officials from the fc <unk> football club , now fc <unk> in the czech first division , and seven referees were found guilty of corruption and fined between <unk> ,### koruna -lrb- #,###-## ,### euros -rrb- by a court in <unk> , in the south east of the country , on thursday .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi on thursday accepted blame for supporting disgraced internet entrepreneur takafumi horie , the former livedoor president who has been arrested for alleged fraud .
russia on thursday urged the radical islamic movement hamas , which has apparently won the palestinian elections , to support a peaceful resolution of the middle east conflict .
orders for us-made durable goods rose #.# percent in december despite a large decline in aircraft orders , the commerce department said thursday .
cyprus erupted into jubilant celebrations on thursday after homegrown star marcos baghdatis made tennis history by reaching the final of the australian open in a five-set thriller .
david nalbandian failed in bid to become the only the second argentinian to win the australian open thursday , blaming an injury for his missed opportunity .
us jobless claims rose ##,### to a seasonally adjusted ###,### in the week to january ## , the labor department said thursday .
us president george w. bush will hold a press conference at ##:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- thursday , the white house announced .
lithuanian prime minister algirdas brazauskas urged neighbouring latvia and estonia on thursday to consider jointly building a new nuclear power plant in the region .
the united states vowed thursday to do whatever it could to help bangladesh overcome the threat of terrorism after a series of deadly blasts there linked to a banned islamic group .
ingo steuer , the coach of german figure skating medal hopes aliona savchenko and robin szolkowy , has been named as one of three german officials <unk> from the final squad due to accompany the team to next month 's winter olympics in turin because of his connections with the stasi secret police .
germany 's former international striker fredi bobic , who has been out of contract since last june , signed on thursday a six-month deal for croatia ' first division side rijeka .
a former british defense minister has labeled potential multi-million pound gains for top executives at qinetiq `` a scandal '' in an interview with the financial times published thursday , as the defense research group prepared to float next month .
german state-owned rail operator deutsche bahn said thursday its operating profit last year came to `` well over ### million euros '' -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , compared with ### million euros in #### .
the united states remains opposed to the militant group hamas but is convinced the palestinian people still want peace despite its stunning election victory , us secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday .
amnesty international warned on thursday of widespread ethnic discrimination in employment in bosnia , saying it seriously hampered the return of refugees from the country 's ####-## war .
members of the venezuelan navy were arrested for allegedly spying for the united states military , vice president jose vicente rangel was quoted thursday as saying .
almost ### foreigners , including nationals from european countries outside the eu and from china , have passed an initial test to join ireland 's police force , justice minister michael mcdowell said on thursday .
the european union is willing to send troops to the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- to help with elections if it is safe to do so , external relations commissioner benita ferrero-waldner said thursday .
the us movie industry welcomed thursday a decision by south korea to boost the number of foreign films that can be shown in cinemas under a protectionist quota system .
wall street shares shot higher in opening trade thursday , as the market bounced back from a lackluster session and investors welcomed a generally upbeat set of earnings reports .
karren brady , the most high-profile woman in english football , is to undergo surgery after the birmingham city managing director was diagnosed as suffering from an aneurysm in the brain .
pakistan did not give permission for a botched us airstrike against al-qaeda suspects that killed ## civilians this month , nor was it asked to do so , president pervez musharraf said here thursday .
russia 's leading energy group lukoil said thursday it had began prospecting operations in saudi arabia .
an epidemic of a crippling and incurable mosquito-borne disease has continued to spread throughout the indian ocean island of reunion , with thousands of new cases reported , a health official said thursday .
crude oil exports from southern iraq were suspended thursday for the second time this week following a storm in the gulf , oil industry and port terminal officials said .
a baby born to a woman just after she had survived the worst train crash in montenegro 's history died on thursday , taking the death toll from the accident to ## , officials said .
former us president jimmy carter , heading a team of international election observers , said thursday that the palestinian vote had been conducted fairly and peacefully .
iran 's islamic regime and islamist groups in syria and egypt praised palestinian voters for backing the `` resistance '' against israel after hamas 's stunning election success .
hamas supporters hauled down the palestinian flag from the roof of parliament thursday and replaced it with a green islamist banner after their election victory , an afp correspondent reported .
the spanish high court on thursday cleared the transfer to catalonia of documents detailing repression by right wing nationalist forces in the northeastern region during spain 's ####-## civil war , judicial sources said .
two us soldiers were killed and one wounded in separate rebel attacks in iraq , the us military said thursday .
the us budget deficit is expected to grow to ### billion dollars in the current fiscal year through september ## , the congressional budget office said thursday .
two croatian diplomats from the country 's belgrade embassy have been attacked by unknown assailants in the serbian capital , officials here said thursday .
canada 's mellisa <unk> warmed up for the winter olympics by winning the overall world cup skeleton title for the #### season here on thursday .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has claimed that the likes of himself , arsene wenger and rafael benitez do not get the respect they deserve in england .
an ankara prosecutor has charged two kurdish former members of the turkish parliament with praising jailed rebel leader abdullah ocalan , the anatolia news agency reported thursday .
algerian foreign minister <unk> bedjaoui called on the west on thursday not to be too quick to pass judgement on hamas after its sweeping victory in the palestinian election .
a fund-raising event in bucharest for orphans produced tens of thousands of dollars , including the proceeds from the auction of signed harry potter books , the mediafax news agency reported thursday .
forty more people were reported dead as a result of cold weather in ukraine thursday , even as the arctic freeze gripping the country for more than a week began to let up .
us president george w. bush said thursday that he would like to see palestinian leader mahmud abbas remain in office , despite the sweeping victory of the radical group hamas in the palestinian elections .
belgrade will reveal all of its security archives to the un war crimes tribunal in a bid to prove its efforts to track down top fugitives are genuine , it was announced thursday .
danish food giant arla foods said thursday it was being targeted by a boycott in saudi arabia because of the publication in denmark of cartoons that were deemed offensive to muslims .
the <unk> pianist and conductor daniel barenboim has won the prestigious international ernst von siemens music prize this year , the ernst von siemens music foundation announced on thursday .
us president george w. bush on thursday gave public support for a russian plan to end the iran nuclear dispute .
kyrgyzstan 's prime minister felix kulov faced accusations of murder and graft on thursday after criticising corruption among the ex-soviet republic 's politicians , police and judges .
world number one kim clijsters announced thursday that she expects to be out of action for at least eight weeks after injurying herself in the australian open .
volvo trucks said thursday its north american division was recalling ##,### trucks because of a fault in their exhaust gas <unk> system .
saudi arabia said thursday it has recalled its ambassador to denmark in protest at the danish government 's position on the publication of cartoons depicting prophet mohammed .
president george w. bush , in his `` state of the union '' address next week , will offer his vision of america 's role in advancing the cause of economic freedom and democracy in the world , he said thursday .
canada 's ambassador to washington , frank mckenna , resigned late wednesday , opening the door for a possible bid to succeed defeated prime minister paul martin as head of the liberal party .
thousands of teachers went on strike in several of paris 's high immigration suburbs thursday to demand more government resources following a spate of violent attacks in schools .
canada 's mellisa <unk> warmed up for the winter olympics by winning the overall women 's world cup skeleton title for the #### season here on thursday .
denmark 's parliament on thursday voted to keep danish troops in iraq until july , five months after their current mandate expires , parliamentary sources said .
us president george w. bush said thursday hamas must renounce its call to destroy israel after its election triumph , but admitted the stunning result was a `` wake-up call '' for palestinian leaders .
the council of europe thursday called on belarussian president alexander lukashenko not to obstruct the holding of free and fair presidential elections in march and backed `` democratic forces '' in the country .
iran poses a `` significant danger '' over its nuclear program but there is still time for international diplomacy to work , us secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday .
a luxury ferry boat that transported passengers to the ill-fated liner the titanic was bought at auction in paris thursday by the regional government of northern ireland for just over ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- .
a us civil liberties group has sued the government for using the patriot act as an `` instrument of censorship , '' citing the denial of a visa to a renowned muslim scholar .
world number one kim clijsters said thursday that she expects to be out of action for at least eight weeks after injuring herself in the australian open .
wall street shares powered higher thursday , as the market bounced back from a lackluster session and investors welcomed a generally upbeat set of earnings reports .
iran , which faces the threat of un sanctions over its nuclear policy , produces far less oil than it used to but , bouyed by the stubbornly high price of the barrel , remains a key player in world oil markets .
chelsea manager jose mourinho said thursday he would not let shaun wright-phillips join another club on a loan move in a bid to help the midfielder secure a place in england 's world cup squad .
the islamist militant movement hamas on thursday ended decades of political dominance by the main palestinian faction fatah and threw peacemaking into turmoil with a shock election win .
world cup hosts germany want to host the #### women 's world cup , germany football federation -lrb- dfb -rrb- co-president theo zwanziger confirmed thursday .
stade francais are preparing for another record sell-out at the stade de france when they host french rivals biarritz there in march .
the dutch central bank has increased its estimate for dutch economic growth in #### to #.# percent from a previous forecast of #.# percent , bank president nout wellink said in a speech thursday .
england prop phil vickery is to miss the whole of the six nations after it was announced the gloucester front-row will have a back operation on saturday .
israeli foreign minister <unk> livni on thursday urged the european union to speak out clearly against the creation of a palestinian `` government of terror '' after the hamas election win .
the un mission in ivory coast thursday began temporarily evacuating civilian personnel from the country divided by conflict after violence flared against peacekeepers in abidjan and against un and other aid agencies in the dangerous west .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice called thursday on china to fulfill its obligations as a global player by allowing people to think freely and protecting intellectual property rights .
british mobile telephone group vodafone said thursday it had raised its stake in south african operator vodacom group to ## percent , hitting its target level .
paris 's famous self-cleaning `` <unk> '' are to be free of charge from next week under a long-term plan to modernize the city 's public toilets , the city hall said thursday .
the czech republic expects that the government formed after the victory of the radical hamas movement will `` reject -lrb- ... -rrb- violence and terror '' and `` recognize the right of israel to exist , '' the ministry of foreign affairs said in a communique thursday .
germany 's andre lange , among the bobsleigh favorites in next month 's winter olympics , has pulled out of the final event of the world cup season here on friday because of flu .
poland 's most prominent roman catholic churchman has called on believers to light candles in their windows friday in memory of the victims of the holocaust .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei announced his resignation thursday , after just over two years at the helm , conceding election defeat at the hands of hamas .
the dutch authorities have blocked the transmission of two satellite television channels from lebanon and iran which they say spread hate , the dutch justice ministry said thursday .
the radical islamist group hamas won ## of the ### seats in the palestinian general election against ## for the ruling fatah party , a source in the central elections <unk> said thursday .
rome authorities promised on thursday a week-long cinema spectacular to rival venice when the italian capital hosts its first-ever international film festival in october .
russia has granted visas to #,### illegal immigrants in an experiment aimed at eventually regulating millions of black-market workers , an official said thursday .
un nuclear watchdog chief mohamed elbaradei on thursday said he was hopeful a russian proposal to enrich iran 's uranium in russia could resolve the standoff over tehran 's atomic program .
at and t , the new name for sbc communications after it bought the storied telecom group , reported a sharply higher profit thursday on strong growth in wireless and high-speed internet services .
the government in niger thursday banned the sale of petroleum-based fuels on the black market after ### people were injured when containers with petrol exploded at a shop in southern <unk> .
madrid on thursday demanded that a us firm seeking a wreck in waters off the rock of gibraltar suspend its activities , as local spanish authorities insisted the search was unauthorised .
microsoft offered thursday to `` do more '' to satisfy eu regulators after promising to reveal its secret computer code and the technical specifications needed by competitors in a long-standing antitrust case .
the construction of the world 's first third-generation nuclear reactor , near pori in southwestern finland , has fallen more than six months behind schedule , the operator tvo said .
the european union pledged on thursday to help strengthen the palestinian economy , after hamas 's election victory , but warned that it expects the new government to commit to peace with israel .
the european court of human rights on thursday ordered russia to pay ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- damages to a policeman tortured after being wrongly accused of raping and murdering a ##-year-old girl .
two us makers of activated carbon filed petitions with the government thursday accusing china of dumping the product , whose uses include cleaning waste water , on the us market .
a german man who claimed he was the world 's biggest banana importer was jailed for ## years on thursday for bringing more than ### kilogrammes -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of cocaine into germany packed in crates for fruit .
the international maritime bureau -lrb- imb -rrb- on thursday retracted a report of a new ship hijacking this week by pirates off the coast of lawless somalia .
seven-time world motorcycling champion valentino rossi will undergo a further series of testing with formula one team ferrari in valencia , spain from january ## to february # , the italian stable confirmed thursday .
saddam hussein 's defense lawyer , khalil dulaimi , praised the `` courageous decision to resign '' by former chief judge of the trial of the deposed dictator , according to a statement received by afp on thursday .
amsterdam 's municipal council wants vandals to try wrecking prototypes of new subway trains to ensure that the material is `` <unk> '' , the daily het <unk> reported thursday .
belarus thursday accused poland of interfering in its internal affairs following a visit to warsaw by opposition presidential candidate alexander milinkevich .
germany manager jurgen klinsmann on thursday begged the media to respect the privacy of his family .
stephen harper will be sworn in as canada 's new prime minister on february # , the conservative leader announced thursday following his election triumph this week .
us telecommunications giant verizon communications inc. said thursday its fourth-quarter net income fell ## percent , but its wireless and internet operations were star performers .
highly-rated <unk> nigel de jong will leave ajax amsterdam and sign for german club hamburg , the dutch giants announced on thursday .
france has offered to take back toxic asbestos waste from the indian <unk> charged with dismantling the clemenceau aircraft carrier , the defense ministry said on thursday .
choicepoint , the largest us company in the field of gathering consumer financial data for businesses , agreed thursday to pay a ##-million-dollar penalty for a data breach that exposed the personal records of ###,### people .
the year-old bosnian serb government lost a parliamentary vote of no confidence thursday , a move that gives the entity 's president ## days to name a new prime minister .
royal dutch shell said thursday the anglo-dutch energy giant was considering `` small '' acquisitions of up to ## billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- each , according to a company spokesman .
canadian prime minister-elect stephen harper on thursday urged hamas to renounce terrorism in his first public address since his conservatives were swept to power in this week 's general election .
hamas 's chief candidate called thursday for the international community to put pressure on israel to end its occupation of palestinian land in his first public comments following the islamist faction 's shock election victory .
portugal on thursday urged the government which will be formed in palestinian territories following the victory of the radical hamas movement in parliamentary elections to turn its back on violence and abide by the law .
the european union executive arm considers new french rules to shield french firms from foreign takeovers to be `` protectionist '' and `` discriminatory '' , a spokesman said thursday .
russian energy giant gazprom on thursday accused neighbouring ukraine of the daily theft of ## million cubic metres of its gas from supplies destined for european markets .
mexican police have unearthed a deep well-built tunnel under the border with the united states used by drug traffickers , officials said thursday .
russia plans to move some of its military equipment from bases it is quitting in georgia into a base in neighbouring armenia , the country 's defense minister said thursday .
libyan , bulgarian , british , us government and eu representatives met thursday in sofia to discuss the work of an international fund set up last week in tripoli to help some ### hiv-infected children in libya , the foreign ministry said .
canadian prime minister-elect stephen harper on thursday challenged the us denial of canada 's arctic claims in his first public appearance since his conservatives won a general election .
mongolia and azerbaijan will for the first time show footage from next month 's winter olympics , the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- said thursday .
the united states welcomed thursday new turkish proposals to help resolve the three-decade-old dispute over cyprus and urged all parties to use `` creative thinking '' to end the impasse .
a us court has backed a law making it a crime for american citizens to pay for child sex abroad , rejecting an appeal by a man who challenged the government 's authority to regulate his behavior overseas .
double oscar-winning actor tom hanks will take a starring role at this year 's academy awards as a presenter of the coveted golden statuettes , organisers said thursday .
britain and greece took opposite stances thursday towards turkey 's latest plan to reach a settlement for the divided island of cyprus , with london welcoming the `` move forward '' and athens dismissing the proposals as stale and moribund .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas insisted thursday that a negotiated settlement with israel was the best means to achieve middle east peace after the radical group hamas 's election victory .
veteran american sprinter gail devers will make her comeback after a year out from the sport at the millrose games in new york 's madison square garden on february # , organisers said thursday .
big-spending premiership giants chelsea are still in the red as they continue to chase domestic and champions league honors .
israel will refuse any negotiation with a palestinian authority that includes `` an armed terrorist organization '' calling for its destruction , the government announced thursday .
ten people suspected of online movie or film piracy have been indicted on criminal charges as the us cracks down on `` <unk> '' groups , federal officials said thursday .
the ringleader of a failed #### military coup in spain on thursday called for a referendum on the future status of the northern region of catalonia , which is seeking upgraded autonomy from madrid .
<unk> artists <unk> <unk> and michael <unk> have been chosen as the designers of a memorial in central berlin commemorating tens of thousands of homosexuals persecuted by nazi germany , city authorities announced thursday .
europe 's arctic cold front loosened its deadly grip thursday , but not before claiming at least ## more lives overnight in ukraine , poland and half a dozen other countries battered by a week of below-freezing temperatures .
wall street shares powered higher thursday , as the market bounced back from a lackluster session and investors welcomed a generally upbeat set of earnings reports .
secretary of state condoleezza rice met thursday with lebanon 's parliamentary leader saad hariri -- the son of murdered former premier rafiq hariri -- and renewed a us pledge of support against syrian interference in his country .
new york city 's chief accountant called thursday for a probe into alleged violence against union officials and employees at a coca-cola plant in colombia .
gary kubiak , the long-time offensive coordinator of the denver broncos , was named head coach of the national football league 's houston texans on thursday .
spanish team euskaltel on thursday unveiled its ##-strong team for the new season in the basque regional capital vitoria .
members of the middle east diplomatic `` quartet '' conferred by phone thursday to plot a strategy after the surprise win by the militant group hamas in palestinian elections , us officials said .
a leading fatah member called thursday for the immediate resignation of the palestinian faction 's central committee after the ruling party was trounced by the islamist hamas in general elections .
barcelona may be almost invincible in the league but the catalan giants suffered a hiccup in their quest to land this season 's spanish cup as they lost their quarter-final first leg at real zaragoza #-# on thursday .
former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif was to end five years of exile in saudi arabia by traveling to britain on sunday , a spokesman said thursday .
several regions of chechnya , including parts of its capital grozny , were left without gas thursday following a leak in the war-torn caucasian republic 's central gas pipeline , the ria-novosti news agency reported quoting the emergency ministry officials .
wall street shares powered higher thursday , as the market bounced back from a lackluster session and investors welcomed a generally upbeat set of corporate earnings reports .
the dollar firmed thursday as the market reacted to better-than-expected news on us durable goods orders and jobless claims and awaited a key report on fourth quarter economic growth .
lockheed martin remained the top us defense contractor in #### with ##.# billion dollars in deals with the pentagon last year , officials said thursday .
six-time olympic gold medalist michael phelps headlines the field for the fina world cup shortcourse swim meet at east meadow , new york , february #-# .
australian prime minister john howard friday urged radical islamist group hamas to renounce violence after the organization swept to power in palestinian elections .
pakistan 's former prime minister benazir bhutto shrugged off thursday interpol notices for her arrest and said she was prepared to return to her country to face any charges if compelled by court .
new york mayor michael bloomberg made a grab for the tiller of the troubled world trade center reconstruction plan thursday , calling on leaseholder larry silverstein to step aside .
the diplomatic `` quartet '' seeking middle east peace on thursday urged the militant group hamas , shock winners in the palestinian elections , to renounce violence and accept israel 's right to exist .
the indiana pacers ' national basketball association playoff hopes suffered a blow thursday as the team announced injured star jermaine o'neal will miss at least eight weeks .
un chief kofi annan on friday denounced those who deny the holocaust , as the world body marked the ##st anniversary of the liberation of the nazi death camp at auschwitz .
tokyo stocks opened higher friday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
the security council edged closer thursday to sanctioning individuals blamed for last week 's anti-un violence in ivory coast .
thomas levet seized a share of the first-round lead alongside brandt jobe thursday at the buick invitational , where tiger woods showed signs of rust in his first start of the year .
thomas levet and brandt jobe made the most of their tour of the north course thursday , sharing the buick invitational first-round lead as tiger woods got his season off to a rocky start .
- australia 's largest general insurer , insurance australia group -lrb- aig -rrb- , revealed friday that it is in discussions with china pacific property insurance about a proposed investment in the shanghai-based group .
south korea 's industrial output grew ##.# percent year-on-year in december while consumer spending also rose , the national statistical office -lrb- nso -rrb- said .
mark fish says he and other former south africa stars should choose the next coach of the disgraced national football team .
hong kong gold prices opened lower friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
this season 's six nations threatens to be as much of a test for england coach andy robinson as it his players .
scotland coach frank haddon hit the nail on the head when he said in the build-up to this season 's six nations : `` in the past scotland have n't asked too many questions of opposition defences .
salzburg and vienna , the two key austrian cities in mozart 's life , on friday celebrate the ###th anniversary of the birth of this most popular of composers , along with the rest of world .
after the disappointment of missing out on a grand slam last year and recent defeats by new zealand and australia , ireland coach eddie o'sullivan has decided to reinvigorate his squad with some new young talents .
france deservedly begin this season 's six nations as tournament favorites after some impressive recent displays .
manchester united look set to give new signing nemanja vidic his debut in sunday 's fa cup fourth round trip to wolves .
no side has won back-to-back six nations grand slams for eight years and the chances of wales repeating their #### triumph may have been torpedoed even before kick-off in next week 's twickenham opener against england by a wretched run of injuries .
bolton manager sam allardyce shrugged off his position as favorite to succeed sven-goran eriksson as england manager and insisted his priority is facing arsenal in the fa cup fourth round this weekend .
<unk> kong share prices opened #.# percent higher friday on wall street 's overnight gains and the tokyo market 's continued rally , dealers said .
goldman sachs , american express and allianz will pay #.## billion dollars for a ## percent stake in china 's biggest lender , the industrial and commercial bank of china , a source close to the <unk> said friday .
john daly 's first-round ## looked impressive enough on thursday , but the popular <unk> 's heart was n't in the buick invitational after his wife began a five-month prison sentence .
virgil hill , a two-time former champion , ends a nearly two-year retirement on friday when he fights russian valery <unk> for the vacant world boxing association cruiserweight title .
atlanta thrashers rookie kari lehtonen added to finland 's olympic goaltending woes on thursday when he took himself out of the running for turin with a groin injury .
the world baseball classic rules announced here thursday will include measures to protect pitchers from injury in the inaugural edition of the global baseball competition .
north korea has strongly criticized south korea for granting us troops based there flexibility to deploy elsewhere in the region , saying the move would increase the risk of the korean peninsula being sucked into regional conflicts .
the phoenix suns thurday acquired nikoloz tskitishvili from minnesota in a deal <unk> reunite the forward wi coach mike d'antoni .
leading democrat senators john kerry and ted kennedy said thursday they would try to block supreme court nominee samuel alito by preventing a vote on him with a filibuster .
irate holidaymakers traveling on board the queen mary # cruise ship were to meet a cunard boss on friday after the tour operator offered a full refund for missing out a string of stops .
oil prices rose sharply in asian trade friday on renewed concerns over unrest in nigeria and moves to block iran from pursuing sensitive nuclear research , dealers said .
the west indies cricket board -lrb- wicb -rrb- said thursday is would conduct a review of australian coach bennett king and his four-man team , amid concerns over the international side 's poor performance .
a former army ranger was shot dead early friday in troubled southern thailand , police said .
seven-time grand slam champion mats wilander has some advice for today 's players as they struggle to keep up with roger federer -- get into his head and under his skin .
a south korean f-##c fighter jet crashed friday near its base , but its pilot ejected to safety , suffering only slight injuries , military authorities said .
a hungarian hang glider who spent an uncomfortable night dangling from the branches of a ##-metre -lrb- ##-foot -rrb- tree was friday rescued unharmed by emergency services , police said .
former president alberto fujimori 's daughter keiko announced thursday that she is heading the list of congressional candidates for the party loyal to her detained father in elections this april .
australia 's olympic and world champion swimmer ian thorpe has always been the target of jibes about his sexuality , but says he has learned to live with it .
mediatek inc , a digital media chipset solutions provider in taiwan , said friday it has agreed with zoran corp of the united states to settle their patent infringement disputes .
chartered semiconductor , the world 's third largest contract chip maker , said friday it returned to profitability in the fourth quarter to december as a market upturn led to strong revenues .
hong kong share prices finished the morning session sharply higher , gaining #.## percent friday on wall street 's overnight gains and the tokyo market 's continued rally , dealers said .
the boston celtics acquired former national basketball association all-star forward wally szczerbiak on thursday in a six-player swap with the minnesota timberwolves .
australian tourism minister fran bailey friday welcomed plans by air canada to launch daily flights on the lucrative sydney to los angeles route , a prized air corridor long sought by singapore airlines .
moscow 's military prosecutors have launched a sweeping inquiry of the city 's army conscript centers in a bid to weed out bribery , officials said early friday .
russia 's proposal to enrich uranium for iran is not sufficient , ali larijani the secretary of iran 's supreme national security council said friday , state news agency irna reported .
south korean state auditors on friday questioned disgraced cloning expert hwang woo-suk over potential misuse of millions of dollars of donated research funds .
a `` brutally honest '' review of the wallabies disastrous #### season has highlighted a raft of shortcomings that must be overcome by a new coach if australia is to have a chance in the #### world cup , team officials said friday .
a jilted new zealand husband was jailed friday after he tried to get his wife 's attention by stealing a plane and threatening to crash it into the southern hemisphere 's tallest tower .
russia 's proposal to enrich uranium for iran is not sufficient , iran 's nuclear negotiator ali larijani said friday , state news agency irna reported .
former bar-honda driver takuma sato appears almost certain to join japan 's super aguri f# team after it won the green light to take part in this year 's formula one world championship .
an international media rights group friday accused myanmar of imposing severe censorship and demanded it release an imprisoned journalist whose health has worsened due to poor prison conditions .
international media rights groups condemned china on friday over the jailing of journalist li changqing for three years on charges of providing `` alarmist information '' to an overseas website .
australian share prices jumped #.## percent friday to a new record finish on fresh optimism over continued high world commodity prices and rumored takeover activity , dealers said .
billionaire new zealand businessman graeme hart had to concede defeat friday -- for now at least -- in his long campaign to win total control of australasia 's largest wood products company carter holt harvey .
indian newspapers hit out friday at the us envoy to new delhi , who warned a landmark nuclear deal could be scuppered if india votes against referring iran 's nuclear program to the un security council .
the us military in afghanistan began a court martial friday of a us soldier accused of striking two detainees , with a second soldier to face similar charges next week .
thyssenkrupp , the german steel and heavy industry giant , said friday that it booked pre-tax profit of over ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the first quarter of its current business year .
the start of friday 's women 's world cup super-g race here has been pushed back from ##:## local time -lrb- ##:## gmt -rrb- to ##:## -lrb- ##:## gmt -rrb- because of heavy snowfall .
goldman sachs , american express and allianz paid #.## billion dollars for a ## percent stake in china 's biggest lender , the industrial and commercial bank of china -lrb- icbc -rrb- , company officials said friday .
australian share prices could could finally close in on the historic #,###-point barrier next week as the dominant resource stocks benefit from high commodity prices , dealers said .
porsche , the german maker of luxury sports cars , said friday it had increased its earnings and sales in the first six months of its current business year owing to the success of its ### and boxster models .
north korea has proposed a joint celebration with south korea to promote unification amid signs of a widening rift between seoul and washington over how to handle the stalinist state .
south korea 's government promised friday to pay millions of dollars to support the domestic movie industry after lifting restrictions on foreign film imports .
football association -lrb- fa -rrb- chiefs revealed friday that they are looking to select a successor for england manager sven-goran eriksson before the world cup .
consumer sentiment in germany , the biggest economy in the eurozone , is becoming increasingly positive , with households more willing to open their purses as the economy picks up and their personal financial situation improves , a new poll showed on friday .
chelsea manager jose mourinho insisted friday that it was his arrival at the premiership side that inspired the development of england pair john terry and frank lampard .
hong kong gold prices closed lower friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
myanmar 's ruling military junta has reshuffled commanders controlling forces around yangon in a move aimed at tightening strongman than shwe 's grip on power , a source close to the armed forces said friday .
a british long-distance swimmer dodged sydney ferries and a fear of sharks to claim a world record friday by completing marathon swims in all five major oceans .
the export of crude oil by iraq 's southern gulf terminals restarted on friday after being halted for the past day because of bad weather , port and oil company officials said .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said the international community should give radical islamist group hamas the chance to show it may change , following its stunning victory in the palestinian elections , anatolia news agency reported friday .
seiko epson said friday its net profit for the nine months to december dropped sharply and predicted it would end the year with a loss due to fierce price competition for printers .
poland 's new prime minister on friday called on european union partners to form a pact to secure energy supplies , amid bottlenecks in russian gas .
belgian financier albert frere said on friday via his holding company <unk> that he might use a right to float ##.# percent of the german publishing giant bertelsmann on the stock market after may this year .
manchester united 's rio ferdinand on friday played down a half-time tunnel clash between players in the league cup semi-final against blackburn rovers .
southampton chairman rupert lowe on friday blamed relegation from the top flight for the club 's financial woes this season .
growth of the eurozone money supply , as measured by the broad indicator m# , slowed unexpectedly to #.# percent in december from #.# percent in november , data published by the european central bank showed on friday .
hong kong share prices closed sharply higher friday , adding #.# percent to their value , after wall street 's overnight gains and continued rally of the japanese market , which closed at a new five-year high , dealers said .
trading in shares in leading steel groups arcelor and mittal steel was suspended early on friday , and stock traders said the market was alive with rumors of a possible deal between them .
britain , nigeria and us software tycoon bill gates unveiled an ambitious ##-billion-dollar plan here friday to prevent ## million tuberculosis deaths over the next decade .
sweden 's henrik stenson moved clear of the field at the two million dollar qatar masters with a second round ## at the doha golf club on friday .
china 's push for influence in africa went audio on friday as the vast asian nation 's only overseas radio broadcaster launched its first fm transmitter outside chinese territory in the kenyan capital .
municipal polls planned by nepal 's king gyanendra as part of his pledge to restore democracy look set to fail , opposition parties said friday after figures showed a lack of candidates .
iran has made number of arrests after tuesday 's twin bomb attack in the restive oil city of ahvaz with ## suspects already lined up for charges , the local media reported friday .
world oil prices rose on friday , extending gains made the previous day on lingering supply concerns .
a bus left the sikh holy city of amritsar for the pakistani town of <unk> sahib friday on a trial run for a fourth bus link stemming from a peace drive by the south asian rivals .
indian driver narain karthikeyan has joined the williams formula one team as a test driver for the upcoming season .
turkey was on the alert friday for a possible energy shortage after harsh winter conditions reduced natural gas supplies from russia and iran , officials said .
shares in german steel makers thyssenkrupp and salzgitter forged higher on the german stock exchange on friday amid rumors of a possible tie-up between rivals arcelor and mittal steel .
tribesmen rallied outside pakistan 's parliament on friday to protest against a us missile attack on a village near the afghan border that killed ## people .
global media watchdog reporters without borders condemned friday the retention under house arrest of released vietnamese cyber-dissident nguyen <unk> <unk> and demanded the freeing of all internet activists .
hong kong stocks are poised ahead of the long lunar new year holiday next week with positive sentiment that has added almost #.# percent to their value in the past month wavering ahead of an upcoming us fed meeting and a further possible rate rise , analysts said .
mittal steel launched on friday a takeover bid for french rival arcelor worth ##.# billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- , in an attempt to bring two leading world steel groups together .
former malaysian deputy premier anwar ibrahim on friday launched a lawsuit against one-time prime minister mahathir mohamad for accusing him of being a homosexual .
colombian authorities say they have uncovered a criminal network with links to al-qaeda and the palestinian militant group hamas that supplied false passports to citizens from the middle east and pakistan .
injury-plagued french star zinedine zidane expressed delight friday on his current form which he believes will reap benefits not only for real madrid in their quest for the spanish league title but also for france at the world cup .
anglo-australian miner rio tinto announced the formation friday of a joint venture with russia 's biggest mining company to explore for mineral deposits in the country 's far-east .
bayern munich manager uli hoeness on friday joined the outcry over world soccer governing body fifa 's cancellation of the pre-world cup gala , planned two days before the finals kick off on june # .
livedoor 's new manager on friday sought support of fuji television network , the second largest shareholder of the disgraced internet firm which is on the verge of collapse following its founder 's arrest .
sweden 's henrik stenson moved clear of the field at the two million dollar qatar masters with a second round ## at the doha golf club on friday .
german heavy industry giant thyssenkrupp said friday that it would buy canadian steel-maker dofasco after all , if dutch giant mittal steel acquired luxembourg-based rival arcelor .
turkey is ready to act as a go-between for israel and the new palestinian administration led by the radical islamist group hamas , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said friday .
european stock markets rose strongly in early dealing on friday , with attention firmly on the steel sector as mittal steel launched a takeover of french rival arcelor .
the scale of roman abramovich 's investment in turning chelsea into the dominant force in english football was underlined on friday when the club posted a loss of ### million pounds -lrb- ###m dollars -rrb- for the year to june #### .
former german president johannes rau , ## , died friday after a long illness , his office said friday .
martina hingis continued her impressive comeback friday by reaching the final of the mixed doubles at the australian open .
manchester was selected friday by the international cycling union -lrb- uci -rrb- to host the #### track world championships .
slovak defense minister juraj liska said on friday he had resigned following last week military plane crash in hungary that left ## dead .
the draw for euro #### made here on thursday pitted the continent 's traditional powerhouses france up against italy while england under new management go into unknown territory .
serbian police have arrested four men suspected of attacking two croatian diplomats in belgrade earlier in the week , authorities said friday .
the leader of hamas 's victorious election campaign said friday he was to meet palestinian leader mahmud abbas in the next few days to discuss forming a `` political partnership '' .
australian tennis great rod laver will present the trophy to the winner of the mens singles final at the australian open here on sunday , tennis australia said .
the afghan government and its international partners are to commit themselves in london next week to the `` afghanistan compact '' , a five-year development plan for the destitute nation .
since the ouster of the taliban in late #### afghanistan has gone through a significant political transition , but it remains a fragile state dependent on international troops , notably from the united states , for its stability .
the dollar slipped slightly on friday against the euro and steadied against the yen before the release of us economic growth data for the fourth quarter .
arsenal manager arsene wenger revealed friday that he would never be tempted by taking charge of england because he could not stand either the boredom or the pressure that go with that job .
german chancellor angela merkel , the first eu leader to visit the middle east since the palestinian election , will not meet hamas officials despite the radical islamic group 's overwhelming poll victory .
turkey earned ##.## billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- from its booming tourism sector last year , a ##-percent increase from #### and just higher than a government target , the statistics institute announced friday .
spain 's centre-right opposition leader mariano rajoy had a private audience with pope benedict xvi on friday , two weeks after the pope granted a secret audience to former prime minister jose maria aznar , the ansa news agency reported .
a performing arts school set up by former beatle paul mccartney in northern england could open branches in europe , the far east and north and south america , its principal said on friday .
world number one roger federer has been lavished with so many compliments that they now mean little to him , he said friday .
a second wild bird found dead in hong kong has tested positive for avian influenza , the government in the southern chinese territory announced friday .
roger federer is expecting cypriot underdog marcos baghdatis to be relaxed and a tough opponent in sunday 's australian open final .
czech midfielder vaclav <unk> has signed for two years with austrian first division side fc tyrol , his agent pavel zika announced on friday .
steve mcclaren on friday signed a new contract to manage middlesbrough until #### but refused to divulge whether it includes a release clause in the event of him being offered the england job .
the european commission said friday that even though the eu is the biggest donor to palestinians it is not alone in a dilemma over what to do about aid in light of radical islamist group hamas ' election win .
bulgaria , which is almost entirely dependent on russia for its oil and natural gas supplies , will seek ways to diversify its energy supplies , the balkan state 's economy and energy minister said friday .
nicolas kiefer never expected to make the australian open semi-final which helped dull the pain of losing to roger federer friday .
the un human rights agency denounced sudan 's government on friday for considerable shortcomings , including allegations of torture , appalling prison conditions and attacks on civilians in darfur .
fearing renewed violent attacks from militias , the un mission in ivory coast , friday began reinforcing its headquarters in the capital abidjan , a day after the security council resolved to slap sanctions of instigators of last week 's unrest , an official said .
georgia announced friday a deal with iran to provide natural gas from the start of next week , offering hope of relief following a severe disruption to energy supplies as a result of a mysterious attack against the main pipeline from neighbouring russia .
croatia 's largest pharmaceutical company pliva said friday it has sold a factory in the eastern german town of dresden to italy 's <unk> group .
kenya on friday stepped up criticism of international creditors for refusing to offer it relief from its foreign debt as the east african nation battles a disastrous drought that it said would badly hinder development efforts .
famed austrian conductor nikolaus <unk> hit out at celebrations in honor of the ###th anniversary of mozart 's birth , even as he opened festivities in salzburg friday .
hungarian oscar-winning film director istvan szabo worked as an informer for communist authorities during his student days , according to an article published friday in the hungarian weekly <unk> es <unk> .
sweden 's anja paerson won the women 's world cup super-g here on friday , beating american duo julia mancuso and lindsey kildow .
china on friday urged hamas to seek a peaceful solution to its dispute with israel following the radical islamist movement 's shock win in palestinian parliamentary elections , state media reported .
consumer products giant procter and gamble said friday its quarterly earnings jumped ## percent from a year ago to #.## billion dollars , and it raised its outlook for the current fiscal year .
sweden 's anja paerson won the women 's world cup super-g here on friday , beating american duo julia mancuso and lindsey kildow .
air malawi added a new boeing aircraft to its fleet on friday as part of an effort to improve the loss-making national carrier 's services and make it more attractive to a potential new owner .
the european union warned friday that political forces in nepal seemed to be heading toward a `` severe confrontation '' and urged king gyanendra to restore all political and civil liberties .
indian shares are expected to face volatility next week with the benchmark ##-share sensex set to scale the psychologically key ##,### level in coming trading sessions , dealers said .
a nigerian militant separatist group which claims to be holding four western oil workers hostage said friday that it had pulled out of talks with officials seeking their release .
angolan president jose eduardo dos santos friday hinted that the country 's first post-war polls due this year would be put off to #### , saying the ballot could not be held until road and rail links in the war-scarred country were repaired .
un mediator martti ahtisaari said friday that he hoped talks on the future status of kosovo would be concluded before the end of the year as planned , despite the death of the province 's president .
chevron said friday its fourth-quarter net profit rose ## percent from a year earlier , with higher oil prices offsetting the impact from hurricanes katrina and rita .
scientists have found that north american deer with an infection similar to mad-cow disease carry the rogue prion protein in their muscles , a finding that serves a warning to hunters and deer farmers in parts of canada and the united states .
ivory coast 's interim prime minister charles konan banny will saturday hold talks in pretoria with south african president thabo mbeki , the chief mediator in the world 's top cocoa grower split in half by a rebellion since #### .
russia 's lower house of parliament voted friday to join the food and agriculture organisation -lrb- fao -rrb- , a un body that coordinates the world 's agricultural policies and aims to tackle hunger .
world champion tom boonen of belgium , competing in his first official race since capturing the coveted rainbow jersey in september , won the doha grand prix here on friday .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels friday accused government forces of carrying out the first killing of a rebel commander since norway clinched a deal to end a deadlock in the island 's peace efforts .
wall street stocks edged higher at the opening friday , as the market shook off news that us economic growth had slowed dramatically in the fourth quarter and mulled generally positive earnings news .
a senior un peacekeeping official urged the european union on friday to rapidly deploy a troop mission it plans to send to the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- to help with upcoming elections .
the white house on friday said iran was playing `` games '' with the international community by not accepting a russian compromise aimed at allaying us concerns that tehran seeks nuclear weapons .
mittal steel 's surprise bid for luxembourg-based arcelor on friday sent shockwaves rippling across the grand duchy , where the european steelmaker is the biggest employer and the state holds a big stake .
maurice <unk> , the former lock who played on england 's #### grand slam winning team , died on friday at the age of ## after losing his battle to recover from a brain tumor .
supermodel kate moss 's former boyfriend , the notorious british rock star pete doherty , was sent to prison on remand friday after admitting another drug offence .
england are favorites to qualify out of group e for euro #### , according to rivals croatia 's football chief vlatko markovic .
sales of new us homes increased a surprising #.# percent in december to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of #.### million , the commerce department reported friday .
a london-based world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- laboratory has confirmed ## of the ## human cases of the lethal bird flu strain in turkey , the health ministry said friday .
german chemicals giant basf said friday it would not raise its takeover offer for us chemicals firm engelhard , even though the us company has rejected the offer price as too low .
europe was swept with lotto fever friday ahead of a prize draw in the international euromillions lottery which could see a record jackpot of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
the white house on friday disputed that the shock victory of the islamic militant group hamas in palestinian elections had caught the united states by surprise .
the head of italy 's highest appeals court on friday blasted the government of prime minister silvio berlusconi for the laws and initiatives center-right parties have pushed on judicial reform .
shares in mittal steel surged by #.## percent to ##.## euros on the amsterdam stock exchange friday when trade in the world 's biggest steel producer resumed after it launched a takeover bid for european group arcelor .
thousands of people demonstrated in the gaza strip on friday to demand the resignation of fatah party leaders including palestinian leader mahmud abbas following its election defeat .
european steelmaker arcelor said friday it considered an ##.# billion-euro -lrb- ##.# billion-dollar -rrb- takeover bid by mittal steel to be hostile .
ugandan police said friday they had arrested an alleged serial killer who posed as a cab driver to prey on young women whom he robbed and raped , killing at least three of his victims .
treasury secretary john snow dismissed news friday of a sharp slowdown in us economic growth as out of line with the robust underlying trend .
israel 's acting leader ehud olmert on friday discussed hamas 's shock landslide win in the palestinian election with egyptian president hosni mubarak and jordan 's king abdullah ii , officials said .
italy and russia on friday condemned ukraine for syphoning off russian natural gas transiting to italy amid ongoing disruption to european gas supplies as a result of bitterly cold weather conditions .
a kenyan court on friday acquitted a former kenyan national cricket official of all charges in the theft of millions of dollars belonging to the now-defunct kenya cricket association -lrb- kca -rrb- .
lebanon 's parliamentary leader saad hariri , son of the slain former premier rafiq hariri , was to meet with president george w. bush on friday to press for continued us support for his country .
russia and italy condemned ukraine friday for syphoning off russian natural gas transiting to italy amid ongoing disruption to european gas supplies as a result of bitterly cold weather conditions .
polish oil company pkn orlen and kazakhstan 's state-owned kazmunaigaz are bidding for a ##.# percent stake in lithuania 's mazeikiu nafta refinery , representatives of the companies said friday .
kenyan police have burned down the homes of some #,### people in a forest community during a long-running tussle between landless squatters and the government , officials and witnesses said friday .
us researchers , in the first large-scale study of bird flu genomes , have found a genetic feature in the deadly virus that might explain its virulence in humans .
russia secured one more step on its path to world trade organisation membership on friday by securing a bilateral deal with switzerland , while another accord in india was in the offing , senior officials said .
vfl wolfsburg manager klaus augenthaler has dropped argentine international playmaker andres d'alessandro from saturday 's squad to face borussia dortmund for slacking in training .
wall street stocks rallied friday as a weak report on us economic growth boosted hopes for an easier interest rate policy from the federal reserve and investors reacted to upbeat earnings news .
canada 's biggest steel maker , dofasco inc. , insisted friday that it was still being bought by european group arcelor despite a hostile takeover of arcelor launched by world leader mittal steel .
spanish joblessness fell to #.# percent of the work force in #### from ##.## percent in #### despite a slight rise in the final quarter , the national statistical institute -lrb- ine -rrb- said friday .
japan 's second-largest carrier all nippon airways has ordered three a### medium-range passenger jets and is leasing two more , the airbus parent company eads said friday .
narain karthikeyan is delighted after securing a test driver role with the williams f# team for the coming season here friday .
a man who had contested the legality of lethal injections was executed friday in indiana after the us supreme court refused to reconsider his case .
the board of european steelmaker arcelor is to meet sunday in luxembourg to discuss a takeover bid by mittal steel , the luxembourg government said .
europe 's winter death toll continued to mount friday as conditions eased in eastern countries frozen solid by this week 's arctic snap and heavy snowfalls paralysed airports and road traffic in switzerland and italy .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier will hold a meeting with international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- head mohamed elbaradei in vienna on saturday , his ministry said .
matthew amoah scored an early goal to give ghana a #-# victory over senegal in a key african nations cup match here friday .
the iraq war is reaping a fierce psychological toll , exposing a mental health crisis inside iraq , and searing hundreds of thousands of us troops with combat trauma , experts warned friday .
czech police said friday it dismantled an international network of drug dealers , who were trafficking cocaine from south america and arrested three people .
the us army announced plans friday to bring an aviation brigade back from germany this year and a series of other force changes involving about #,### us troops and their families .
two algerian men were jailed for two and a half years each in britain on friday for their part in running a high-tech forgery factory that churned out fake documents for illegal immigrants and criminals .
treasury secretary john snow ruled out friday a government bailout for the struggling us auto industry after both general motors and ford outlined massive job cuts and plant closures .
organisers of next month 's winter games breathed a sigh of relief friday after a first , much-needed snowfall of the year in turin and the surrounding olympic sites .
us president george w. bush moved friday to nominate randy <unk> and kevin warsh to fill two vacancies on the seven-member federal reserve , the white house said .
manchester city striker robbie fowler agreed to rejoin former club liverpool on friday on a free transfer until the end of the season .
nigeria 's civilian police force is to be trained for guerrilla warfare following a series of deadly attacks on officers guarding the country 's oil industry , force spokesman haw <unk> said friday .
a major earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rocked eastern indonesia early saturday , the us geological survey said .
matthew amoah scored an early goal to give ghana a #-# victory over senegal in a key african nations cup match here friday .
caracas friday claimed us embassy staff were involved in an espionage affair in which members of the venezuelan navy allegedly passed state secrets to the pentagon .
prime minister-elect stephen harper , whose conservative party won canada 's national election this week , was in the hospital briefly late thursday after experiencing discomfort in his lungs , his spokesman said friday .
disgraced athletics coach thomas springstein , currently on trial for giving performance-enhancing drugs to minors , is now being investigated for genetic doping after <unk> e-mails were discovered on his computer .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday expressed serious concern about the escalating violence in sudan 's darfur region and urged the warring sides to negotiate an end to the fighting .
syria has stepped up preventive measures against bird flu after a strain of the virus killed three people in neighboring turkey , an official said .
us authorities have charged nine colombians and a palestinian with illegally smuggling colombian guerrillas into the united states , the justice department said friday .
venezuelan president hugo chavez on friday denied media reports that he planned to wed an <unk> queen , admitting that she is beautiful but insisting that he is already married to the revolution .
the united states will review all aid to palestinians after the hamas victory in the palestinian legislative elections , the state department said friday .
never shy of drawing glaring publicity , american skier bode miller stirred another hornets ' nest friday by accusing cycling legend lance armstrong and baseball slugger barry bonds of doping .
ukraine announced friday that an easing in harsh winter weather meant the country was able to make a significant cut in natural gas consumption , but russia again claimed that kiev was illegally siphoning off supplies meant to be transiting to western europe .
byblos bank , one of the five largest banks in lebanon , announced friday a record net profit of ## million dollars in #### , a spike of ## percent over the previous year , a company statement said .
an informal meeting of around ## ministers representing a cross-section of world trade organisation members began friday to map out the next steps in tense global trade talks .
oscar-winning us actor robin williams has signed on to play former us president theodore roosevelt in a new comedy along with `` meet the fockers '' star ben stiller , the industry media said friday .
the united states said friday it would announce a big financial aid package for afghanistan at a key conference in london next week on the country 's future .
germany 's cathleen martini and janine <unk> won the seventh and final round of the <unk> bobsleigh world cup here on friday .
the family of augusto pinochet filed a court challenge friday against fraud charges related to secret bank accounts the former chilean dictator is accused of keeping .
the nuclear issue is clouding the world 's view of iran , hampering the islamic republic 's <unk> to establish itself on the tourist trail , sector professionals said friday at the fitur tourism fair in madrid here .
the united states insisted friday there would be no contact between its delegation and iranian officials at an international conference on afghanistan next week .
argentinian international back-row forward lucas <unk> has signed a two-year contract with agen , the french first division rugby club announced friday .
the mandate of ivory coast 's parliament which expired in december has been extended , president laurent gbagbo 's office said friday .
us military exports have far outstripped imports in recent years , a congressional audit agency reported friday , citing data from various government agencies .
the mighty ducks of anaheim announced on friday they will officially shorten their name to the anaheim ducks at the start of the ####-## season .
academy award-winning us actress mira sorvino will help announce the nominees for the #### oscars next week , organisers of cinema 's highest honors said friday .
bolivia 's new president evo morales declared his first state of emergency friday after storms killed at least ## people and left widespread destruction in the north of the country .
us entertainment giant walt disney co. is set to release a sequel to its animated classic `` bambi '' more than six decades after the original movie hit screens in #### , the firm said friday .
wall street rallied friday as a weak report on us economic growth boosted hopes for an easier interest rate policy from the federal reserve and investors reacted to upbeat earnings news .
injury-hit spinner ashley giles said friday he is unsure if he will be fit to tour india after struggling to recover from hip surgery .
defenceman daniel tjarnqvist was added to sweden 's ice hockey team for next month 's olympics in turin .
united airlines on friday posted a loss of ## billion dollars for the fourth quarter and ## billion dollars for #### as it took major writedowns ahead of its planned exit from bankruptcy protection .
deportivo la coruna demanded on friday to be awarded victory in their spanish cup quarter-final tie against valencia which was abandoned on wednesday after an assistant linesman was hit by an object thrown from the crowd .
wall street rallied friday as a weak report on us economic growth boosted hopes for an easier interest rate policy from the federal reserve and investors reacted to upbeat earnings news .
the administration of president george w. bush dismissed friday as `` myths '' allegations that a secret domestic electronic spying program bush authorized illegally spies on innocent americans .
the dollar staged an improbable rally friday as investors shrugged off a weak report on us economic growth and got a lift from apparent asian buyers and a robust report on the housing market .
wall street 's rally got back on track over the past week as the market survived a scare on corporate earnings and investors appeared confident about the us economic expansion .
the british public voted for an unheard-of aspiring model over a host of famous faces to win a hit celebrity reality television show on friday .
two additional assault charges were brought friday against redskins safety sean taylor in an incident involving a gun here last june .
the english football association hit back at manchester united boss sir alex ferguson on friday , countering his claims of victimisation by revealing police told them gary neville 's wild celebrations contributed to the trouble which erupted at old trafford last sunday .
years after they first fingered iraq war foes as `` french , '' us president george w. bush 's republicans are now dismissing the `` davos democrats '' -- turning the swiss resort town into an unlikely insult .
the united states cautioned citizens friday to defer non-essential travel to pakistan amid concerns over `` terrorist '' activity .
five-time world champion michelle kwan will get a chance to pursue olympic gold in turin after a us figure skating panel confirmed her fitness at a demonstration on friday .
the head of the us getty museum held talks friday in italy over allegedly looted antiquities in its collection a day before the reopening of its original home , officials said .
the us senate voted unanimously friday to condemn iran 's nuclear program and to support referring iran to the un security council for allegedly violating nuclear nonproliferation obligations .
europe is set for another week of lotto fever after nobody won the record ###-million-euro -lrb- ###-million-dollar -rrb- jackpot up for grabs in friday 's draw .
a daughter of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet on friday withdrew a request for political asylum in the united states where she fled to avoid tax evasion charges , a government spokesman said .
us president george w. bush said friday that sanctions against iran were `` certainly a real possibility '' if tehran does not do enough to ease fears that it is trying to develop nuclear weapons .
brandt jobe shot a five-under-par ## on friday to maintain his lead heading into the third round of the #.# million dollars pga buick invitational .
two canadian radio humorists tricked french president jacques chirac into taking their telephone call and broadcast it friday after pretending to be aides to prime minister-elect stephen harper .
five-time world champion michelle kwan will get a chance to pursue olympic gold in turin after a us figure skating panel confirmed her fitness at a demonstration on friday .
google and us government lawyers asked on friday for a february courtroom showdown to settle whether the internet search giant should be forced to hand over records of search inquiries .
four world champions , including three americans , will get the us indoor track and field season under way in grand style saturday at the boston indoor games .
new orleans hornets forward chris andersen was thrown out of the national basketball association on friday for drug use .
venezuela 's leftist president hugo chavez friday hailed us anti-war activist cindy sheehan , who was among the thousands of people who cheered the leftist leader as he addressed an anti-globalization gathering .
china defender zhang <unk> 's dreams of making the big time in england have been shattered after he was refused a work permit to allow him to join championship side sheffield united .
belarus will have no opposition-led unrest after the march presidential vote like the one that swept away an old-style regime in neighboring ukraine , authoritarian president alexander lukashenko pledged in televised comments .
venezuela 's president hugo chavez friday ridiculed what he said were us beliefs that leftist leaders in latin america were divided between statesmen and `` crazies '' like him or cuban president fidel castro .
the us state department said friday it welcomed the progress made toward restoring natural gas flows between russia , georgia and armenia .
afghan president hamid karzai wants the international community to route extra reconstruction money through the government rather than ngos , he told saturday 's edition of the financial times .
military-ruled myanmar will adjourn ongoing constitutional talks next week , officials said saturday , amid growing international pressure for yangon to press ahead with political reform .
a california university medical center revealed on friday it is seeking volunteers to test a bird flu vaccine made in england by chiron corporation .
<unk> pianist and conductor daniel barenboim was hospitalised here friday just ahead of a concert honoring the ###th birthday of mozart , opera director peter <unk> said .
french third seed amelie mauresmo won the first set #-# in saturday 's australian open women 's singles final against eighth seeded belgian justine henin-hardenne .
the arrival of ron artest could n't spark the struggling sacramento kings , who fell ##-## to boston here friday in the national basketball association .
french third seed amelie mauresmo won the australian open women 's final on saturday after her eighth seeded opponent justine henin-hardenne of belgium retired .
the parents of rising cypriot tennis star marcos baghdatis have decided not to make the trip to melbourne to watch their son play in his first grand slam final .
undercover british police officers are masquerading as drug dealers to catch middle-class cocaine <unk> , britain 's top police officer said in a newspaper interview published saturday .
amelie mauresmo 's australian open win means the frenchwoman can finally uncork a bottle of rare #### vintage wine she had been storing until she claimed her first grand slam title .
australia 's number one lleyton hewitt will consider his family and tennis playing schedule first before committing to davis cup in future , his management said saturday .
virgil hill won the vacant world boxing association `` regular '' cruiserweight title here friday , posting a unanimous ##-round decision over previously unbeaten russian valery <unk> .
justine henin-hardenne denied saturday it was unprofessional not to finish the australian open final and give amelie mauresmo the pleasure of a true victory .
americans bob and mike bryan broke through for their first australian open men 's doubles title in the final against india 's leander paes and martin damm of the czech republic saturday .
the us food and drug administration -lrb- fda -rrb- on friday gave a green light for sales of the first insulin inhaler , which could free millions of diabetes patients from frequent injections .
a bomb has struck a convoy of afghan , romanian and canadian forces in insurgency-hit southern afghanistan , wounding three afghan policemen , police said saturday .
a tropical storm is heading towards the indian ocean nation of madagascar and is expected to make landfall on the southeast coast of the vast island in the next ## hours , the meteorologists warned saturday .
german automaker volkswagen will collaborate with proton on a range of technical and training projects , but has given up plans for any shareholding , the malaysian carmaker has announced .
croatia will take on fellow world cup finalists south korea in a friendly international here sunday that could help determine the teams final squads for germany #### .
british foreign secretary jack straw struck a conciliatory tone saturday over iran 's nuclear program , saying talks had to produce a bargain that allowed tehran to preserve its national dignity .
the start of saturday 's women 's world cup downhill race here has been pushed back from ##:## local time -lrb- ##:## gmt -rrb- to ##:## -lrb- ##:## gmt -rrb- because of heavy snowfall .
kuwait is to summon the danish ambassador over the `` despicable racism '' of the publication by a danish newspaper of cartoons depicting the prophet mohammed , newspapers said saturday .
england captain david beckham wants the nation to forget the controversy surrounding coach sven-goran eriksson leaving and concentrate on the team winning the world cup .
freezing temperatures gripping poland have killed eight more people , bringing to ## the number of victims of a cold spell that hit the country nine days ago , police said saturday .
the head of iran 's revolutionary guards said saturday that the islamic republic was ready to use its ballistic missiles if attacked .
russia and israel agree there can be no prospect of a palestinian state unless the radical islamic hamas movement renounces violence , the russian foreign ministry said in a statement on saturday .
palestinian islamist group hamas will prove as effective in politics and reform as in fighting israel , its syrian-based supremo pledged on saturday , following its landslide electoral win .
french president jacques chirac on saturday congratulated amelie mauresmo on her australian open win in melbourne .
manchester united boss sir alex ferguson has tipped defender wes brown to make it into england 's world cup squad .
a man showing symptoms of bird flu died in iraqi kurdistan and his samples have been sent to jordan for testing , a kurdish official said saturday .
german duo andre <unk> and torsten wustlich won the seventh and final luge combined world cup race here on saturday in a time of #min ##.# sec .
the french rugby union league match scheduled between brive and agen here on saturday has been postponed because of snow on the pitch , the host club brive confirmed .
romania denied saturday that its troops were part of an international military convoy that was the target of a bomb attack in insurgency-hit southern afghanistan .
hermann maier lead an austrian sweep of the men 's world cup downhill here on saturday ahead of klaus kroll and andreas <unk> .
police in eastern pakistan said saturday they had arrested around ### islamic activists after they threatened to block a mixed-sex marathon this weekend .
there was an overwhelming sense of deja vu at the two million dollar qatar masters on saturday after ernie els produced his best round of the week to harbor hopes of a possible repeat victory .
iran urged western powers saturday not to refer a dispute over its nuclear program to the un security council , arguing talks with russia on a potential compromise needed `` more time '' .
global trade talks entered their `` end game '' saturday after ministers from ## countries and wto chief pascal lamy agreed on a timeline to smooth progress over the coming months , officials said .
five people were killed and dozens more injured saturday when a bus carrying elderly tourists flipped over on a snow-covered road in eastern spain , valencia regional emergency services said .
the french rugby union league match scheduled between brive and agen here on saturday has been postponed because of snow on the pitch , the host club brive confirmed .
germany 's olympic champion sylke otto won the final luge world cup race here on <unk> ahead of compatriot silke kraushaar and ukrainian <unk> <unk> .
spanish police said saturday they had smashed ## internet chat rooms which exchanged paedophile pictures and information across ## countries .
renate gotschl of austria won the women 's world cup downhill race here on saturday .
pope benedict xvi is to go to turkey at the end of november on a visit that had been resisted by turkish officials , the italian news agency ansa said saturday , quoting `` well informed '' vatican sources .
zimbabwe 's electricity supplier has been forced to make power cuts in its two biggest cities due to a `` power shortage '' , officials said saturday .
iran 's foreign minister said saturday that britain would be sent intelligence documents on a series of bombings in the oil city of ahvaz which officials have blamed on london .
former chilean dictator augusto pinochet 's eldest daughter returned to south america saturday , after dropping her request for asylum in the united states where she had fled to avoid tax evasion charges .
finland 's hannu manninen won the nordic combined world cup event here on saturday ahead of norway 's magnus moan and american todd lodwick .
iran 's foreign minister said on saturday he had written to his counterparts in denmark and norway to protest over the publication of `` ridiculous and revolting '' cartoons deemed offensive to muslims .
french police arrested two suspected members of basque separatist group eta saturday after they crashed their car on a snowy road then hijacked a truck , authorities said .
henrik stenson maintained his lead at the two million dollar qatar masters but a disappointing finish left the door open for the chasing pack after the third round on saturday .
ten britons , including a former policeman and two ex-soldiers , were among a dozen people arrested on southern spain 's costa del sol for alleged drug-smuggling , spanish police said saturday .
british foreign secretary jack straw said saturday people should not `` freak out '' at the prospect of a strongly islamic government in iraq , after a shiite party placed first in legislative elections .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier on saturday called on the radical palestinian group hamas to give up violence and recognize israel 's right to exist , as chancellor angela merkel prepared to visit israel and the palestinian territories .
<unk> pianist and conductor daniel barenboim was recovering saturday after being hospitalised just ahead of a concert honoring the ###th birthday of mozart , a berlin opera spokesman said .
avalanches killed two skiers in different areas of western austria saturday , while a third who had been buried on friday died of his injuries , police and rescue services said .
twenty skaters fell through the ice on sweden 's lake <unk> on saturday but all were plucked to safety , sea rescue officials told afp after a large rescue operation .
the coach of the bosnian national football team blaz sliskovic has extended his contract for two years to #### , an official said saturday .
one of iraq 's main sunni arab politicians accused the conservative shiite coalition that holds the lion 's share of the seats in the new parliament of not wanting a broad-based government .
a policeman specialising in combatting domestic violence shot dead his former partner before turning his gun on himself , press reports said saturday .
a court-martial has found a us soldier guilty of maltreating a detainee in afghanistan by punching him several times , and sentenced him to four months ' detention , the us military said saturday .
russian pair alexander <unk> and alexei <unk> won the final <unk> bobsleigh world cup race here on saturday ahead of germany 's matthias <unk> and ronny <unk> .
russian pair alexander <unk> and alexei <unk> won the final <unk> bobsleigh world cup race here on saturday ahead of germany 's matthias <unk> and ronny <unk> .
former us president bill clinton called saturday for a `` practical '' international response to the militant hamas group 's stunning victory in palestinian elections .
president george w. bush urged the us senate saturday to hold a vote to approve his supreme court nominee , samuel alito , after two top democrats threatened to block the confirmation .
eight central european countries have agreed to forge a joint strategy on how to handle natural gas supplies from russia , the hungarian mti news agency reported saturday .
federal appeals court judges here have begun deliberating on a request by exxonmobil corp. to pay reduced damages for the #### exxon valdez oil tanker disaster , the united states ' worst oil spill .
the european union is looking for `` an incentive '' to show flexibility in global trade talks , eu trade commissioner peter mandelson said saturday after a restricted meeting of key wto members .
former dictator augusto pinochet 's eldest daughter was detained in chile saturday after returning from washington to santiago , where she faces tax evasion charges , an airport official said .
arcelor chief executive guy dolle saturday called on employees of the european steel group to `` stay cool '' following a hostile takeover bid from the world 's biggest producer , mittal steel .
the organisation of islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- slammed the danish government on saturday for failing categorically to condemn the publication of cartoons depicting the prophet mohammed in a danish daily .
geopolitical tensions , tight energy markets and a likely us economic slowdown toward #### will cast a cloud over financial markets this year , financier george soros said saturday .
nearly two million belarussians have signed on to support the candidacy of president alexander lukashenko in upcoming elections , the electoral commission said saturday , far more than the ###,### required , but the opposition rejected the signatures as `` forced '' .
iraq 's interior minister said on saturday that the conservative shiite united iraqi alliance -lrb- uia -rrb- , which won most seats in the december election , will take half the ministries `` plus one '' in the next government .
more than #,### people demonstrated in the northern swiss city of basle on saturday , police said , in protest at the world economic forum taking place in the east of the country .
rock-bottom premiership no-hopers sunderland slumped to a new low on saturday when they were dumped out of the fa cup at the fourth round stage by league one brentford .
the un atomic agency chief met german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier and british foreign secretary jack straw on saturday ahead of crucial international talks on iran 's nuclear program , an official said .
saudi authorities have culled ## falcons after discovering cases that have tested positive to the h# virus of the avian flu , the agriculture ministry said saturday .
iraqi interior minister bayan jabr solagh said on saturday that the security situation in the restive capital and throughout the country has improved over the last ten days .
finland 's matti hautamaki won the latest round of the world cup ski-jumping competition here on saturday ahead of compatriots tami <unk> and janne ahonen .
west indies cricket officials insisted on saturday that they have settled an ugly dispute over pay which had split the team .
great britain 's jason gardener , the world indoor champion , claimed his sixth career ##m win at the glasgow meet on saturday to send a timely warning to his commonwealth games sprint rivals .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier has warned iran that it could face economic sanctions if it does not come to an agreement with the international community on its nuclear program .
lewis moody failed to capitalize on a chance to impress ahead of the start of the six nations next week when he was <unk> during leicester 's dramatic ##-## draw against premiership leaders sale at welford road on saturday .
finland 's matti hautamaki won the latest round of the world cup ski-jumping competition here on saturday ahead of compatriots tami <unk> and janne ahonen .
the european union trio dealing with iran on its controversial nuclear program has asked baghdad to transmit a message to tehran on the issue , according to a statement from iraqi prime minister ibrahim jaafari 's office .
erjon bogdani scored his first serie a hat-trick as siena eased their relegation fears with an impressive #-# win at palermo on saturday .
jailed fatah leader marwan barghuti called on saturday for his party to show responsibility in passing power to hamas after fatah was trounced by the islamic faction in the palestinian general election .
a us soldier was killed in central baghdad saturday when his vehicle hit a roadside bomb , the us military said .
manchester city have agreed a fee of around six million pounds with heerenveen for greek striker georgios samaras , it was announced saturday .
hamas , charged by palestinian leader mahmud abbas with forming a government , wants a coalition with fatah but may go for a cabinet dominated by technocrats rather than politicians , officials of the radical islamist movement said on saturday .
frigid weather left more people dead and injured throughout europe on saturday , as snow sweeping south paralysed transport in france , switzerland and italy and caused a fatal crash in spain .
luigi del neri was sacked as coach of ailing serie a side palermo after their #-# home defeat against siena on saturday .
mystical jewish rabbi yitzhak <unk> , one of the great contemporary spiritual fathers for <unk> followers all over the world , died on saturday at the age of ### in jerusalem .
one man died and three others were in serious condition after a group of up to ## skaters fell through the ice on sweden 's lake <unk> on saturday , police said .
wales were given a six nations scare on saturday when captain gareth thomas was taken to hospital after injuring his jawbone in a game for his french club toulouse .
frigid weather left more people dead and injured throughout europe on saturday , as snow sweeping south paralysed transport in france , switzerland and italy and caused fatal accidents in poland and spain .
nuremberg 's slovakian international marek mintal could be out for the rest of the season after picking up an injury on saturday in his first match back after a five month spell on the sidelines .
britain 's olympic silver medalist amir khan made it five wins out of five since turning professional when stopping belarus vitali martynov in the first round here on saturday .
nba legend dennis rodman claims he is ready to return to british basketball next month after starring for brighton bears in their ##-## bbl victory against guildford heat at the brighton triangle on saturday .
tiger woods fired the best round of the day , shooting a five under ## to close to one shot within the leaders at the buick invitational tournament here on saturday .
brentford boss martin allen hailed bargain basement buy dudley ` dj ' campbell after the striker scored twice to knock premiership strugglers sunderland out of the fa cup .
tiger woods fired the best round of the day posting a five-under ## to move within one shot of the leaders at the buick invitational tournament here on saturday .
the texas rangers avoided arbitration with a two players , agreeing to terms on saturday with pitcher vicente padilla and outfielder gary matthews on one-year contracts .
finnish voters go to the polls on sunday to choose their next president , with polls showing incumbent social democrat tarja halonen holding a slim lead over her conservative rival in the run-off election .
frigid weather left dozens dead across europe over the weekend , as at least ## people were killed when a roof collapsed in heavy snow in poland and the conditions paralysed transport in parts of france , switzerland , italy and elsewhere .
ethiopia 's tirunesh dibaba came close to repeating last year 's world-record performance by <unk> her sister , <unk> , to win the #,### metres at the boston indoor games .
driving rains that sparked widespread flooding killed at least nine people in the rio de janeiro area , authorities said saturday .
two cambodians have been arrested on suspicion of robbing and stabbing a canadian tourist in the popular beach resort of sihanoukville , south of phnom penh , police said sunday .
india captain rahul dravid won the toss and elected to field on a greenish wicket in the third and final cricket test against pakistan at the national stadium here on sunday .
a suicide car bomber blew himself against a patrol of iraqi army , killing four soldiers , on saturday near the native village of ousted dictator saddam hussein , police said sunday .
sri lanka won the toss and chose to bat first in their <unk> one-day cricket match against australia at the western australian cricket association ground on sunday .
twenty-one watercolors and sketches by nazi dictator adolf hitler are to be auctioned in britain after ## years in a suitcase in a belgian attic , the sunday telegraph newspaper reported .
the united states and south korea will launch free trade negotiations soon as seoul has removed a major hurdle to the talks by opening wider its film market , officials said sunday .
irfan pathan gave india a great start in the third and final test against pakistan here on sunday by grabbing a hat-trick in the first over of the match .
sixteen iraqis have been killed in a series of rebel attacks ahead of the resumption on sunday of deposed dictator saddam hussein 's trial , police said .
athens olympic silver medallist catherine ndereba overcame a ###-metre deficit to beat <unk> obata for her first victory in japan at the osaka international women 's marathon on sunday .
malaysia may ban visitors from carrying mobile phones in hospital wards in a bid to stop <unk> taking indecent pictures of patients , a top official said sunday .
martina hingis added another grand slam trophy to her collection sunday when she teamed with india 's mahesh bhupathi to win the australian open mixed doubles final .
a small bomb has exploded in the southwestern iranian oil city of ahvaz , scene of a deadly twin bombing nearly a week ago , but there were no casualties , the isna news agency reported sunday .
sri lankan security forces and tamil tiger rebels have continued to engage in tit-for-tat attacks , police said sunday , but the daily death toll has dropped sharply following a deal to revive peace talks .
iran confirmed sunday it was sending a senior delegation to brussels monday for talks with britain , france and germany on its disputed nuclear program .
nasa 's top climate scientist has accused the bush administration of trying to stop him from speaking out after called in a lecture for swift cuts in emissions of the greenhouse gases linked to global warming , the new york times reported sunday .
the new head of israeli army intelligence amos <unk> has ordered a review into the failure to predict a victory for hamas in last week 's palestinian election , public radio reported sunday .
russian gas supplies to neighbouring georgia resumed sunday , a week after being disrupted by sabotage explosions to the main pipeline , officials said .
france 's alexandre sidorenko , granted a special exemption into the draw , won the australian open junior boy 's singles tournament beating australian nick lindahl #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- in the final sunday .
iran on sunday invited british prime minister tony blair to tehran to take part in a planned conference on the holocaust , branded a `` myth '' by the islamic republic 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
right-wing opposition leader benjamin netanyahu called sunday for israel to freeze its payment of customs revenues to the palestinians in the wake of hamas 's general election victory .
india will not be pressured into voting against iran over its suspect nuclear program at this week 's meeting of the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- , prime minister manmohan singh said sunday .
kuwait 's parliament confirmed sunday prime minister sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah as new emir , ending an unprecedented political crisis which has divided the ruling family of the gulf state .
some ### couples were married in a mass wedding ceremony in bangladesh during the world 's biggest annual islamic event after the hajj pilgrimage to mecca , officials said sunday .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas was to chair a meeting of his fatah party 's central committee on sunday to discuss how to deal with hamas after the radical movement 's shock general election victory .
indian prime minister manmohan singh sunday appointed ## new members to his cabinet , shuffled the portfolios of some others but kept the foreign ministry portfolio for himself , reports said .
militants attacked a military convoy of the afghan and us-led coalition force in southern afghanistan , causing damage to a vehicle but no casualties , the us military said sunday .
israeli acting prime minister ehud olmert demanded sunday that the radical islamist movement hamas scrap its charter which calls for the destruction of the jewish state .
the maker of `` brokeback mountain , '' taiwan-born ang lee , was saturday named best director by hollywood 's top filmmaking union , boosting his <unk> oscar prospects .
egyptian newspapers were jubilant sunday after the national team 's #-# defeat of tournament favorites ivory coast , which they hoped would clear the way to the african nations cup final .
sri lanka made ###-# off their ## overs in the triangular series limited-overs cricket international against australia at the western australian cricket association ground on sunday .
unseeded cypriot marcos baghdatis won the first set #-# in sunday 's australian open men 's singles final against swiss world number one roger federer .
a spanish policeman was slightly injured early sunday when a bomb went off in bilbao , in the basque region of northern spain , the region 's interior ministry said .
britain 's olympic silver medallist amir khan kept his unbeaten professional record by defeating belarus vitali martynov in just ## seconds here on saturday night .
fatah leaders in the southern gaza strip town of rafah have resigned amid widespread protests against the once-powerful party following their election defeat at the hands of hamas .
kuwait 's new ruler sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah was sworn in sunday as the emir of the oil-rich gulf state , following an unprecedented political crisis which has divided the ruling family .
japan 's takashi <unk> won a split-decision victory over chi <unk> of south korea to become the new world boxing council featherweight champion on sunday .
south korea stunned fellow world cup finalists croatia #-# to win their opening match of an international friendly tournament here sunday as coach dick <unk> men continued their recent good form .
german chancellor angela merkel was to hold talks sunday with israel 's acting leader ehud olmert at the start of a two-day visit which will also see her meet beleaguered palestinian leader mahmud abbas .
liverpool 's french striker djibril cisse on sunday denied been arrested and cautioned by the british police for an alleged assault on his pregnant wife .
indian selectors on sunday announced a ##-member squad for a five-match one-day series against pakistan starting in peshawar on february # .
a second wild bird found dead in hong kong has tested positive for the deadly h#n# strain of avian influenza , the government in the southern chinese territory confirmed sunday .
manchester united have targeted ac milan midfielder johann vogel , the italian club have claimed .
swiss world number one roger federer won the second set #-# sunday in the australian open final against unseeded cypriot marcos baghdatis , levelling the match at one set all .
kuwait 's oil minister called sunday on fellow members of the opec oil cartel to avoid cutting oil production due to high world crude prices .
a woman pilot and an all female crew made aviation history in pakistan this week by flying a fokker aircraft on a domestic flight of the national flag carrier , officials said sunday .
swiss world number one roger federer won the third set #-# in sunday 's australian open men 's singles final to take a #-# lead over unseeded cypriot marcos baghdatis .
indian selectors on sunday recalled paceman zaheer khan to the one-day team for an upcoming five-match series in pakistan while continuing to ignore sourav ganguly .
british prime minister tony blair has reached a `` new understanding '' to hand over power to his finance minister gordon brown within two years , a close ally and former minister said sunday .
a german man wanted by police for allegedly robbing a van containing more than two million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in munich last month , has been arrested in romania , police said on sunday .
england 's leading goalscorer michael owen warned sunday that he is determined not to let his side 's best chance of winning the world cup slip by .
italy 's center-left opposition held primaries sunday in milan to choose its candidate for city mayor , an election that will test the left 's strength in a stronghold of prime minister silvio berlusconi 's conservative coalition .
marseille midfielder wilson <unk> is a major injury doubt for nigeria against senegal here on tuesday after an old knee injury recurred in the team 's #-# win over zimbabwe .
russia 's top diplomat and the outgoing palestinian leader mahmud abbas urged all palestinian factions to seek a peaceful solution to the conflict with israel , the russian foreign ministry said sunday .
israel has ordered the evacuation of a wildcat settlement outpost on a hilltop just north of the palestinian city of ramallah in the west bank , a military source said on sunday .
austria 's christoph gruber won the men 's world cup super-g here on sunday ahead of american scott macartney and norway 's andre aamodt .
senegal defender habib beye has warned african rivals togo that they can expect more misery at the world cup finals after their african nations cup flop here .
the armed fatah offshoot the al-aqsa martyrs ' brigades called sunday for fatah 's leaders to step down and set up an emergency replacement body after its crushing election defeat to hamas .
crowds flocked to the australian open in record numbers this year , munching through #.# tonnes of curry and more than ##,### buckets of hot chips in the process , tournament organisers said sunday .
an elderly man froze to death in eastern germany at the weekend , police said , bringing to eight the death toll here in a cold spell gripping most of europe .
chelsea chief executive peter kenyon on sunday warned the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- against approaching jose mourinho to take over as the next england manager .
liverpool chief executive rick parry revealed on sunday that prodigal son robbie fowler would have agreed to play for nothing such was his desperation to return to his hometown club .
india , replying to pakistan 's first innings total of ### , were ##-# at stumps on the opening day of the third and final test here on sunday .
mexico 's jorge arce beat nicaraguan challenger adonis rivas to retain his wbc interim flyweight title on saturday after a seventh round stoppage .
chelsea 's ghana midfield star michael essien on sunday hit out angrily at claims that he was faking injury to avoid playing with the national side in the african nations cup .
german chancellor angela merkel left on sunday for a visit to the middle east that will make her the first western leader to visit the palestinian territories since hamas ' election victory last week .
nigerian gunmen have robbed another foreign oil sector firm in the city of port harcourt and snatched more than a quarter of a million dollars , four days after a gang shot dead eight policemen , police said on sunday .
after criticising india 's stand on iran , the us ambassador turned on the country 's leftist parties in an interview published sunday , criticising them for opposing the opening up of the retail market to foreign investment .
the european commission said on sunday the deadly h#n# strain of bird flu was detected in samples from northern cyprus when they were tested in a british laboratory .
austria 's nicole hosp claimed her first win of the season in the women 's world cup giant slalom here on sunday .
an iranian man convicted of murder and armed robberies was hanged in public on sunday in the southern city of shiraz , the official news agency irna reported .
arcelor 's board of directors is set to meet sunday at the european steel group 's headquarters in luxembourg to formulate a response to a hostile takeover bid from the global number one mittal steel .
england skipper david beckham insisted on sunday that he wants to see out his playing career with real madrid despite constant speculation linking him with a return to england .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice departed sunday on a ##-hour trip to london to attend a series of critical meetings on afghanistan , iran and the hamas victory in palestinian elections .
a group of unknown assailants attacked an army installation in the volatile eastern region of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- , but no casualties were reported , a un spokeswoman said sunday .
some politicians here have suggested new tennis sensation marcos baghdatis could take out australian citizenship but the ##-year-old has made clear cyprus is where his heart is .
belgian cycling legend eddy merckx on sunday tipped germany 's jan ullrich to win this year 's tour de france .
real madrid appear to have cooled their interest in signing bayern munich midfielder michael ballack with club vice-president emilio butragueno claiming the current squad is strong enough .
senegal defender habib beye and ghana midfielder <unk> kingston saw their further participation in the african nations cup end on sunday when both players were hit with three-match bans .
bob woodruff , news anchor with us television company abc and his cameraman were wounded in a bomb attack in iraq sunday , a us military spokesman and his media organization said .
the west has taken a one-sided view of hamas , the palestinian election winner , and has failed to grasp the roots of the conflict with israel , a hamas supporter said sunday on british television .
pakistan had to warn off an american helicopter which violated its airspace above its northern border with afghanistan , the military said sunday .
three boys , the last of ## people treated in turkey for bird flu , are steadily improving and could be discharged from hospital next week , hospital officials said sunday .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has set up a special body to probe the condition of the islamic republic 's ageing fleet of civilian and military aircraft , officials said sunday .
organisers canceled a rally for the fatah faithful in gaza on friday citing fear of violence after days of rowdy protests by disenchanted members calling for the resignation of their leaders .
henrik stenson made amends for his heartbreaking one-shot defeat to ernie els last year by winning the ninth edition of the qatar masters by three shots over england 's paul broadhurst here on sunday .
pakistani security forces arrested a suspected turkish al-qaeda militant in a northwestern tribal region near the afghan border , a security official said sunday .
afghan security forces have arrested nine people , including would-be suicide bombers and two pakistan nationals , for allegedly planning attacks , a provincial governor said sunday .
finland 's matti hautamaki picked up his second win in two days when he clinched the latest round of the ski-jumping world cup here on sunday .
the federal reserve , whose leadership changes hands tuesday for the first time since #### , enjoys unrivalled power in the us system of government to steer the world 's biggest economy .
eritrea blasted the united states on sunday for `` evil '' foreign policies which encouraged arch rival ethiopia to ignore an international border ruling , bringing the countries to the brink of war .
these are the key figures in the enron affair , the massive corporate scandal that culminates with the trial of its two former top executives , starting monday .
the world economic forum , which closes sunday in the swiss ski resort of davos , regularly gathers many of the world 's business and political leaders together .
spain seized almost ## tonnes of cocaine last year , a new record third only to colombia and the united states , the interior ministry said sunday .
german president horst koehler and chancellor angela merkel extended their condolences sunday to the families of the victims of the exhibition hall collapse in poland that claimed ## lives .
greece 's second city salonika , once home to the country 's biggest jewish community , paid tribute sunday to the victims of the holocaust during world war ii .
sixteen people were killed and several others injured when a storehouse full of fireworks exploded sunday in central china , state media said , quoting local officials .
russia , with alexander <unk> at the helm , won the seventh and final four-man bobsleigh world cup race here on sunday ahead of germany and a second russian team led by <unk> popov .
spanish mountain passes and sections of the motorways were closed to traffic sunday after storms of snow and rain hit much of portugal and spain , the national traffic office said .
a passenger train derailed in northern pakistan late sunday and several of its coaches plunged into a ravine , railway officials said .
venezuela 's leftist president hugo chavez sunday hailed the `` courage '' of us anti-war activist cindy sheehan , who was among the guests of honor at the live broadcasting of his `` hello president '' weekly program .
kris boyd made it seven goals in four matches as he netted twice in rangers ' #-# win away to inverness caledonian thistle on sunday .
us president george w. bush said that the graphic photographs of american military guards abusing iraqi detainees inside abu ghraib prison had `` disgraced '' the united states .
at least two people were killed and four seriously injured sunday when a gang of armed men raided a squatters camp in kenya , police and witnesses said .
afghanistan will need international aid for a long time to come if it is to bolster its security and rebuild its institutions , president hamid karzai said sunday during a visit to denmark .
the spanish authorities on sunday identified the two suspected members of basque separatist group eta arrested a day earlier by french police .
leicester believe england captain martin corry will be fit enough to lead the world champions in their six nations opener against title-holders wales at twickenham next weekend .
twelve russian soldiers have been charged over a brutal hazing that left an army conscript mutilated and fighting for his life , the senior military prosecutor said sunday .
palestinian interior minister nasr yussef on sunday sought to reassure security services worried about the radical hamas movement 's election victory , pledging there would be no purge of the forces .
afghan president hamid karzai said sunday he was satisfied with the danish prime minister 's explanations of mohammed cartoons published in the media here , stressing the freedom of the press .
the spanish authorities have arrested ### would-be immigrants as they sought to enter spain illegally by boat , the emergency services said on sunday .
the board of directors of the world 's second biggest steel group arcelor on sunday unanimously rejected a hostile takeover bid from the global number one mittal steel , the company said in a statement .
great britain 's jason gardener capped a fine weekend by winning the ##m race at the meet here on sunday as he continued his bid to hit top form ahead of the commonwealth games .
the czech republic and cyrus have accepted an agreement on lower value added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- rates on some <unk> activities , but poland has still to give its answer , the austrian presidency of the european union said sunday .
at least two people died and more than ## were injured when several carriages of a pakistani train plunged into a ravine sunday , a railways official said , adding that the toll would likely rise .
eurozone indicators to be released in the coming week will show prospects in the manufacturing and services sectors brightened further in january , albeit more modestly than at the end of last year , economists said .
a leading member of israel 's new governing kadima party underwent a cardiac <unk> late sunday after he was rushed to a tel aviv hospital with chest pains , army radio reported .
finnish president tarja halonen took the lead against challenger sauli niinistoe in sunday 's presidential election after votes cast in advance were counted .
conservative candidate sauli niinistoe on sunday conceded defeat after a tv estimate indicated that tarja halonen has won a second six-year term as president of the nordic country .
eurozone indicators to be released in the coming week will show prospects in the manufacturing and services sectors brightened further in january , albeit more modestly than at the end of last year , economists said .
un nuclear inspectors have visited sites related to the former <unk> military complex in tehran in what is a key concession in the un investigation of the islamic republic 's contested nuclear program , diplomats told afp sunday .
pat sanderson will miss england 's first three six nations games because of a back injury , the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- announced sunday .
a group of some ### mexican protestors demonstrated outside the us embassy here sunday , rallying against calls from some us lawmakers for stricter border security between the two countries .
the dubai-owned carrier emirates is to start <unk> flights to addis ababa from march ## , the company announced sunday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in london on sunday for a ##-hour visit to attend a series of critical meetings on afghanistan , iran and the hamas victory in the palestinian elections .
frigid weather took its toll across europe over the weekend , as at least ## people were killed when a roof collapsed in heavy snow in poland and snow cut off roads and paralysed transport in france , switzerland , italy , spain and portugal .
polish president lech kaczynski vowed sunday to oversee personally an investigation into why the roof of an exhibition hall in the southern town of <unk> collapsed at the weekend , claiming ## lives , and vowed such a tragedy would not recur in poland .
the exiled former king of greece admitted in an interview published sunday that he had made mistakes during a political crisis more than ## years ago .
striking machinists at us aviation giant boeing will decide this week on a new contract offer from the company , the international association of machinists and aerospace workers announced in a statement .
serie a side roma could face a stadium ban after nazi and fascist symbols were spotted in the home supporters enclosure in sunday 's #-# win over livorno .
anti-globalisation activists held up the olympic flame as it passed through milan on its journey to turin for next month 's winter games on sunday .
polish building inspectors on sunday ordered a supermarket to shut down as they stepped up inspections of public buildings following the deadly collapse of an exhibition center in chorzow .
tokyo stocks opened higher monday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
the united states expects europe to show as much resolve with hamas as it has in vowing to cut aid to the palestinians if the radical islamic group fails to renounce violence , us secretary of state condoleezza rice said sunday .
australian prime minister john howard on monday denied knowing that the national wheat exporter awb was paying huge bribes to saddam hussein 's iraq in the un 's oil-for-food scandal .
world no # tiger woods captured his fourth buick invitational title by winning a three-man playoff in his #### pga tour debut on sunday .
taylor twellman recorded a hat trick as the united states cruised to a #-# victory sunday over norway in an international friendly at the home depot center .
sunderland will aim to put the nightmare of their fa cup exit behind them when they face north-east rivals middlesbrough at the stadium of light on tuesday .
the european union will seek monday to hammer out a response to hamas 's shock election win , amid a blunt warning the bloc could cut huge aid payouts if the new palestinian leadership threatens israel .
world no # tiger woods captured his fourth buick invitational title by winning a three-man playoff in his #### pga tour debut tournament on sunday .
jade edmistone broke the ##-metre breaststroke world record in the heats of australia 's commonwealth games selection swimming trials here monday .
rob andrew believes the fear of premiership relegation could have a negative impact upon england 's hopes of a successful world cup defense .
lebron james erupted for ## points in the second half and helped the cleveland cavaliers overcome a pair of double-digit deficits to post a ###-### victory over the phoenix suns .
a clumsy visitor to a cambridge museum has destroyed a set of priceless ###-year-old chinese vases after tripping up on his shoelace , the daily telegraph reported monday .
libya said sunday it was closing its embassy in denmark in protest against the publication there last year of caricatures of the prophet mohammed , amid a rising tide of anger in muslim countries .
the dollar extended gains against the yen in asian trade monday on growing expectations that the federal reserve will keep up the us rate hike cycle this week despite slower us growth , dealers said .
world no # tiger woods captured his fourth buick invitational title by winning a three-man playoff in his pga season debut on sunday .
the fall-out continues over justine henin-hardenne 's controversial decision to retire with illness from the abbreviated australian open women 's final last saturday .
dutch authorities have quarantined ### farms that bought animal feed which could contain high concentrations of cancer-causing dioxin , the anp press agency reported .
us investors are planning to spend ### million dollars to build a second casino on an island in the us-administered northern mariana islands even though an existing casino has attracted fewer visitors than expected .
`` capote '' star philip seymour hoffman , `` walk the line 's '' reese witherspoon and the racially-charged drama `` crash '' won the top awards at sunday 's screen actors ' guild awards , a key oscars predictor .
three more taiwanese fishing boats hijacked off somalia last year were released with their ## crew at the weekend , an official here said monday .
australia 's monopoly wheat exporter paid a pakistani government official ## million us dollars to ensure sales within the country , a sydney inquiry into iraq 's un oil-for-food scandal heard monday .
oil prices rose sharply above ## dollars a barrel in asian trade monday as iran stirred turmoil on the eve of an opec meeting by calling for a cut in production levels , dealers said .
fireworks explosions killed at least ## people and injured hundreds more in china during lunar new year celebrations , state press reported monday .
a frustrated doctor has closed his medical practice in a small northern new zealand seaside settlement and plans to reopen his surgery as a brothel next month .
around ### fishermen were stranded monday on a large ice floe off the island of sakhalin in far eastern russia , officials said .
israel has decided to freeze funds to the palestinian authority , fearing the money could end up aiding terrorist elements , israeli prime minister ehud olmert announced monday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher monday at a new record level , as mining and steel stocks pushed the market to overtake last week 's record close , dealers said .
south and north korea have agreed to resume stalled military talks this week aimed at easing tensions along the world 's last cold war frontier , military authorities said monday .
an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease has been uncovered in eastern russia close to the border with china , itar-tass news agency reported monday .
australian environmentalists monday urged the united states navy to explain why it may not recover a fighter jet that crashed into the sea and whether the plane poses a threat to marine life .
the chances of a major war in the asia-pacific region and the threat of maritime attacks will be high on the agenda when navy chiefs and top officers from ## countries meet in sydney from tuesday .
cambodia 's prime minister hun sen hit out again monday at foreign opponents of a series of defamation arrests , saying he had the right to protect himself against his critics .
an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease has been detected in eastern russia , close to the border with china , itar-tass news agency reported on monday .
hollywood 's actors ' union on sunday honored legendary child star shirley temple black with a special award for a career that took her from <unk> film icon to us diplomat .
the ancient fishing settlement that gave hong kong its name is to receive a multi-million dollar makeover to turn it into the city 's next big tourist attraction , an official said monday .
hong kongers can look forward to a prosperous lunar new year if predictions made monday in the city 's annual fortune-telling ceremony prove true .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher monday at a new record level , as mining and steel stocks pushed the market to overtake last week 's record close , dealers said .
one policeman was killed and at least ## wounded on monday when a suicide car bomber blew himself up near a police training center in the southeastern iraqi city of nasiriyah .
nearly three-quarters of palestinians want the newly-elected hamas movement to drop its call for the destruction of israel , according to an opinion poll released on monday .
about ## palestinian policemen forced their way into the gaza parliament complex monday , occupying the roof of the building and vowing hamas would not take control of security services .
india monday carried out its third test in three days of its surface-to-air akash missile at an eastern coastal testing range , a defense official said .
the leaders of somalia 's deeply split transitional government have agreed on a venue for parliament to meet for the first time in the lawless nation after weeks of haggling and intense international pressure , lawmakers close to both sides said monday .
german engineering giant siemens said monday that it had acquired an additional ##-percent stake in russian turbine maker <unk> mashiny , raising its overall stake in the company to ## percent plus one share .
only one in six israelis are willing to conduct negotiations with a palestinian authority headed by the islamist hamas movement , which won a landslide victory in last week 's election , a poll showed monday .
iran insisted monday it still wanted to conduct sensitive nuclear work inside the country but said it was nevertheless ready to discuss a <unk> compromise .
organisers of the #### beijing olympics will launch a recruiting drive this summer for ###,### volunteer helpers , state media said monday .
hamas must change and renounce violence if it wants europe 's support , eu foreign policy chief javier solana said monday as eu foreign ministers met to discuss the militant group 's shock election win .
swiss cement giant holcim announced on monday that it had bought a ##.#-percent stake in india 's gujarat <unk> cements and planned an offer for a further ## percent .
russia will field a strong team for next month 's turin winter olympics aiming to better their performance at salt lake city four years ago , where they won five gold , four silver and four bronze medals .
world oil prices climbed monday on the eve of an opec meeting in vienna where member countries are to decide whether to alter the cartel 's level of crude production .
groupe bruxelles lambert -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , the holding company of belgian financier albert frere , signalled monday that it was prepared to compromise on the issue of a possible flotation of german media giant bertelsmann .
the european union renewed pressure on iran monday to backtrack on its nuclear plans , as the two sides ' officials met in a fresh bid to defuse a mounting crisis ahead of crunch talks in vienna later this week .
sri lanka , one of the world 's top exporters of tea , sold a record ### million kilos -lrb- ### million pounds -rrb- of the commodity to overseas buyers last year , a brokering house said monday .
bulgarian and british officials confirmed the release on monday of four foreign oil workers , including a bulgarian and briton , who had been held hostage for ## days by separatist rebels in nigeria .
ex-soviet georgia was due to begin receiving natural gas from iran on monday in a bid by the caucasus nation to reduce its dependence on russian gas following recent attacks on a key russian pipeline .
south africa and sri lanka are bracing for a make-or-break encounter when they clash in tuesday 's triangular series limited overs match in perth with australia already <unk> one of the two finals berths .
hamas 's election victory may have raised fears of a hardening in palestinian attitudes towards israel , but a poll monday shows a vast majority want a negotiated peace with their jewish neighbors .
an italian soldier was slightly wounded in southern iraq early monday when a roadside bomb exploded near his patrol , a spokesman for the italian contingent said .
the united nations said monday it hopes thailand and laos will soon find ways to reunite ## hmong children who were expelled from thailand with their parents in a refugee camp .
philippine vice president noli de castro is to fly to kuwait shortly to plead for the life of a filipina maid who is set to hang for killing her boss there , the foreign department said monday .
norway 's sporting federation has received death threats from people angered by the use of fur on the official garb of the country 's olympic team headed for turin in italy next month , officials said monday .
serie a club roma said monday they were doing all they could to prevent their fans from bringing nazi and fascist symbols into the olympic stadium and that it was down to the police to confiscate them .
european stock markets steadied in early trading on monday following sharp pre-weekend gains and as mittal steel 's battle for rival arcelor heated up .
iran said monday it had arrested `` about ## '' suspects in connection with last week 's twin bomb attack in the southwestern oil city of ahvaz , the official news agency irna reported .
kuwait 's new emir sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah on monday accepted the resignation of the oil-rich emirate 's cabinet a day after assuming power , state-run television reported .
us television anchor bob woodruff and his cameraman doug vogt were admitted to a us military hospital in germany on monday after being seriously wounded in a bombing in iraq , the hospital said .
the head of mittal steel , who has launched a hostile takeover bid for european rival arcelor , signalled monday that there would be no plant closures if the acquisition were successful .
italian industrial giant fiat said on monday it had switched sharply into profit after more than four years of losses and its troubled car-making wing fiat auto was also showing signs of recovery .
the hostile takeover offer by mittal steel for arcelor would create a group with annual net profit of #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- , mittal steel finance director aditya mittal told a press conference here on monday .
ethiopia on monday indefinitely banned the export of all grain products in a bid to stem huge price hikes blamed on political instability , smuggling and the rising cost of transportation and fertilizer .
the mother of a russian soldier whose legs and genitals had to be amputated after a brutal hazing incident was threatened and offered money to keep quiet about the affair , a russian newspaper said monday .
the head of the world 's leading steel maker mittal steel said mondaythat he had no plans to modify his ##.#-billion-euro -lrb- ##.#-billion-dollar -rrb- bid for european producer arcelor .
nato is almost certain to deploy awacs surveillance planes to provide air defense cover for the #### world cup in germany , seen as a key potential terrorist target , officials said monday .
the dollar steadied against the euro and rose against the yen on monday on the eve of an interest rate decision in the united states .
german police on monday said they believed vandals had tried to derail a train traveling from frankfurt to amsterdam which was brought to a standstill by a sheet of metal attached to the tracks .
former russian president boris yeltsin lent his weight monday to growing calls for the leader of the russian revolution , vladimir lenin , to be removed from the granite mausoleum on moscow 's red square where he lies embalmed .
scandinavian countries , denmark in particular , took special measures monday to protect their citizens in muslim countries following an outcry over controversial cartoons of the prophet mohammed published in a danish paper .
un secretary general kofi annan turned up the heat on the netherlands on monday , warning of dire consequences if its parliament failed to bolster the nato-led international force in afghanistan with some #,### dutch troops .
a prominent uzbek human rights activist went on trial here monday charged with receiving money from western governments to disrupt public order as well as other offences , rights groups and a lawyer for the activist said .
yoko ono , the widow of slain beatle john lennon , and the couple 's only son sean , are to appear next month in a one-off performance of music , modern art and video , a paris theater said monday .
president jacques chirac on monday declared may ## as an annual day of commemoration in france for the victims of slavery , and proposed legal action against companies that use forced labor in developing countries .
european steel maker arcelor came out fighting and determined to win on monday in the face of a hostile takeover bid by mittal steel as france voiced deep concern about the fate of the european steel industry .
spanish film director isabel <unk> 's `` the secret life of words '' -lrb- la vida <unk> de las <unk> -rrb- reaped five awards , including that of best film , at the ##th edition of spain 's premier film awards , the goya , in madrid .
rock band arctic monkeys have smashed the british record for the fastest-selling debut album of all time , music retailers said monday .
pampered zoo animals in the swiss city of zurich gobbled up ### tonnes of fresh food prepared by a dedicated gourmet chef last year , including ## tonnes -lrb- ##,### pounds -rrb- of meat , ### garlic bulbs and ##,### kiwi fruit .
the world bank is to close its office in lithuania on march # because the baltic state -- and new eu member -- has grown rich enough to be considered a donor nation rather than a borrower , the head of the bank 's bureau in vilnius said monday .
bolton 's spanish midfielder ivan campo is out for at least ## weeks with a broken foot sustained in the club 's fa cup fourth-round win over arsenal on the weekend .
the european commission has raised the prospect of wto action against riyadh if the saudi government supported a boycott of danish products because of controversial cartoons , a spokesman said monday .
former us president bill clinton warned monday of rising anti-islamic prejudice , comparing it to historic anti-semitism as he condemned the publishing of cartoons depicting prophet mohammed in a danish newspaper .
world champion tom boonen of belgium won the opening ###km stage of the tour of qatar between doha and al khor corniche monday .
chad 's government has denied an allegation by neighbouring sudan that its army made a weekend incursion across the border to attack a military position in the western darfur region .
one of uzbekistan 's only remaining opposition leaders went on trial here monday charged with economic crimes , his lawyer and relatives said .
italian energy giant eni said it expected supplies of gas from russia to return to normal on monday after nearly two weeks of shortfalls which have forced italy to dip into its gas stocks .
one of the world 's leading coma experts was called in at the weekend to examine israeli prime minister ariel sharon who is still unconscious four weeks on from a brain hemorrhage , medics said monday .
italian energy giant eni said it expected supplies of gas from russia to return to normal on monday , after nearly two weeks of shortfalls which forced italy to resort to tapping its gas stocks .
a us human rights group has urged saudi arabia to stop sentencing juvenile offenders to death , saying riyadh imposes capital punishment for crimes committed by children as young as ## .
england coach andy robinson has named a trimmed-down ##-man squad for the six nations opener against wales on saturday .
the european union 's external relations chief called monday for the eu to give hamas a month or two to decide its future course before making a definitive eu response to the group 's poll victory .
the world 's biggest energy group , exxonmobil corp , said monday it reaped record profits of ##.# billion dollars in #### , a ## percent increase over the previous year .
a turkish military aircraft crashed monday in southeastern turkey but the pilot survived the accident , local officials said .
spain 's fashion retailer for women , mango , is seeking a threefold increase in the number of its outlets from a current ### to #,### over the next ten years , general director <unk> casi said monday .
myanmar 's imprisoned pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will be awarded the olof palme prize #### for her democratic efforts , the slain swedish leader 's memorial fund said on monday .
the head of greece 's main opposition socialist pasok party , george papandreou , was elected monday president of the socialist international association of left-wing political parties .
australian construction firm multiplex on monday said that they were only ##-percent sure of having london 's wembley stadium ready for the fa cup final in may .
struggling spanish first division clubs malaga and real sociedad both announced monday that they had sacked their respective coaches , antonio tapia and jose mari <unk> .
bulgarian prime minister sergey stanishev on monday expressed support for croatia 's accession to the european union after his own country joins the bloc , a move expected in #### .
tens of thousands of music lovers braved the freezing cold to kick off this year 's ###th anniversary celebration of the birth of wolfgang amadeus mozart with three days of festivities .
unidentified attackers burned down the headquarters of nigerian vice president atiku abubakar 's presidential campaign in the northern city of kano , witnesses said at the scene monday .
authorities in the northwestern greek port of <unk> arrested two greeks on monday for allegedly attempting to smuggle ## foreign nationals out of the country , the merchant marine ministry said .
talks between iranian and eu officials monday were positive , the head of tehran 's team said , voicing hope the dialogue can continue despite the escalating diplomatic standoff .
nigeria 's main oil unions welcomed the release of four foreign workers held hostage by militants monday but warned they may still strike to protest the growing danger of working in the niger delta .
the european commission stressed monday that protectionism was outdated amid concern in some eu member states about mittal steel 's takeover offer for european steelmaker arcelor .
european steel unions are to meet in brussels on wednesday to draw up a common position on the proposed takeover of arcelor by mittal steel , a representative of the power german union ig metall said on monday .
cyprus on monday introduced additional anti-bird flu measures after tests detected the deadly h#n# strain of bird flu in the turkish-held north for the first time on the divided mediterranean island .
<unk> serie a side sampdoria on monday completed the signing of italian international mark iuliano from spanish club real mallorca on a free transfer .
state-sponsored russian environmental experts warning that a planned oil pipeline could pollute the pristine lake baikal in siberia complained monday of `` colossal '' state pressure to drop their objections .
the death toll in the cold spell gripping germany rose to ## on monday as police said two more people had been found frozen to death .
bitter premiership rivals liverpool and manchester united were drawn together in the tie of the fa cup fifth round made on monday at the english fa headquarters here .
a bomb struck a police and coalition patrol in insurgency-hit southern afghanistan monday , wounding eight people , while security forces found a minibus rigged up to be a car bomb , officials said .
international experts on the sea turtle met on the west african archipelago of sao tome on monday for a two-day conference on protecting the creatures from extinction .
four western oil workers who were held hostage by nigerian separatist militants arrived monday at the country 's presidential villa to meet president olusegun obasanjo after their release , afp saw .
wall street opened flat monday ahead of a federal reserve meeting to set us interest rates , but exxonmobil corp. shares surged after the energy giant reported bumper profits .
poland 's gross domestic product grew by #.# percent in #### , or slightly less than the #.# percent rate analysts expected , provisional figures issued monday by the national statistics bureau showed .
south africa , malaysia and cuba have affirmed iran 's right to develop nuclear technology for peaceful purposes ahead of crunch talks in vienna on tehran 's atomic program .
the us military has turned over ## suspected somali pirates seized in a naval operation off the coast of lawless somalia this month to kenyan authorities who interrogated them on monday and may charge them , officials said .
india 's left parties monday asked the government to demand the recall of us ambassador david mulford for commenting on new delhi 's stand on iran 's nuclear program and the country 's economic policy .
palestinian leader mahmud abbas on monday urged the international community to maintain its financial aid to the palestinians and reiterated his commitment to pursuing peace talks with israel .
a union of mittal steel , the world 's largest steel maker , and number two arcelor would create an entity that would have had sales of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- in #### and would have controlled ## percent of the world steel market .
wpp , the british advertising and marketing group , said monday that it was investigating business practices at its italian operations after a weekend report alleging fraud .
lithuanian <unk> <unk> <unk> , owned by a polish subsidiary of france 's belvedere company , on monday reported a more than four-fold increase in profit in #### compared to the previous year .
an iranian mp has been jailed over complaints that a weekly newspaper he manages insulted the #### islamic revolution , a news report said monday .
freezing weather continued to take its toll across europe , with the number of dead in poland rising above the ### mark since the start of winter .
the european union urged hamas on monday to renounce violence and recognize israel as key conditions for continuing to give aid to the palestinian authority .
kiev accused russia on monday of stalling talks on resolving moscow 's ban on ukrainian meat and milk products , the third major spat between the bickering neighbors since the start of the year .
wpp , the british advertising and marketing group , said monday that it was investigating business practices at its italian operations after a weekend report alleging fraud .
russian president vladimir putin will hold his annual kremlin press conference tuesday , with almost #,### journalists accredited to attend .
serbia 's war crimes court on monday jailed a former serb soldier for eight years over war crimes committed shortly after the siege of the croatian town of vukovar in #### .
goalscoring <unk> robbie fowler said he feels like it 's christmas every day after his wish to return to liverpool was granted by anfield boss rafa benitez .
george clooney , meryl streep and heath ledger are among the stars expected to grace the red carpet at next month 's berlinale , the first major european film festival of the year , organizers said monday .
a second us soldier was sentenced to a jail term in kuwait monday after being found guilty in a court-martial of punching detainees in afghanistan , the us military said .
a court in rome on monday blocked alitalia 's proposed purchase of insolvent low-cost carrier volare , upholding a complaint from smaller competitor air one , italian news agencies reported .
iran 's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad on monday telephoned hamas leader khaled meshaal to congratulate him for the radical movement 's win in palestinian general elections , official media said .
the white house on monday reaffirmed its warning that it may cut funding to the palestinians if the radical group hamas does not renounce violence against israel after its shock election victory .
british foreign secretary jack straw voiced hope for an agreement monday evening on how to deal with iran 's nuclear plans , amid continuing signs the issue will be referred to the un security council .
an iraqi militant group called monday on its members to attack any reachable danish and norwegian targets , in response to the publishing of cartoons depicting the prophet mohammed in their press .
members of un agencies working in ivory coast have traveled to the west of the <unk> nation to assess security after clashes between militias and un peacekeepers , un officials said monday .
swiss authorities said monday that they had agreed to open an investigation into bank accounts allegedly used to siphon millions of dollars for former chilean dictator augusto pinochet .
an italian court is expected to decide tuesday whether a former german left-wing mp should stand trial for his alleged role in one of italy 's worst wartime atrocities .
the foreign minister of lesotho was shot in maseru on sunday just hours before the ruling party met to elect a leader , police said monday .
kenyan wildlife authorities over the weekend arrested eight suspected poachers and recovered ## elephant tusks and a <unk> monkey in two incidents in the country 's central rift valley after a tip-off from the public , officials said on monday .
a cyanide leak into a czech section of the river elbe which killed around ## tonnes of fish at the start of january highlighted the failures at the factory responsible , the czech environment inspectorate -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced monday .
qatari energy minister abdullah bin hamad al-attiyah joined a growing chorus of voices monday calling for opec to leave production levels unchanged ahead of a meeting in vienna on tuesday .
seventy two miners were rescued monday from a potash mine in the western canadian province of saskatchewan after a fire temporarily trapped them , a mine spokesman said .
average real incomes in russia rose by #.# percent last year compared to the previous year , slightly less than the #.# percent rise recorded in #### , the statistics agency said monday .
a tajik general and former anti-drug chief charged with murder and attempting a military coup challenged the competence on monday of the judges appointed to try him , one of his lawyers said .
five more people died from the freezing weather which has gripped romania for the last ## days - bringing the total to ## , of which ## have been homeless - a statement from the romanian ministry of health said on monday .
sunday 's superbowl xl , a riotous romp of american football and commercialism , will cost us employers more than ### million dollars as workers fixate on the big game , a survey says .
less than a year after the death of pope john paul ii , the vatican is to formally open an investigation into a `` miracle '' credited to him which , if confirmed , could put him on the road to sainthood by speeding his beatification .
us stocks were flat monday ahead of a federal reserve meeting to set us interest rates , but exxonmobil corp. shares surged after the energy giant reported bumper profits .
new kenya cricket coach roger harper held a first face-to-face meeting with his players on monday as part of a squad assessment ahead of the tour of bangladesh in march .
us consumer spending revived at the end of #### , rising #.# percent in december to outstrip a #.# percent gain in incomes , the commerce department said monday .
croatia said monday it had been granted its first funds as an official candidate to join the european union -- ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- to help it to carry out war reconstruction .
mehmet ali agca , the turk who tried to kill pope john paul ii in #### , has asked his relatives to end a hunger strike protesting against his <unk> and the family will comply , agca 's brother said monday .
danish-swedish dairy giant arla foods , targeted by boycotts in muslim countries because of the publication in denmark of cartoons deemed offensive to islam , said monday it had temporarily shut down production in saudi arabia .
russian security forces have detained ## suspected members of a ukrainian criminal gang accused of having carried out ## contract killings , russian media said monday .
italy 's number one electricity provider enel will snap up the shares that spain 's gas natural would have to sell in the event of a successful hostile bid for compatriot endesa , cinco dias business daily monday quoted enel general director fulvio conti as saying .
mario pescante , italy 's under-secretary for sport and supervisor for the winter olympics , said monday they had reached an agreement with the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- to relax their strict doping laws for the february ##-## games .
portuguese leaders fc porto said monday they had filed a police complaint against disappointed fans who vandalized coach co adriaanse 's car following the club 's goalless draw at rio ave over the weekend .
us president george w. bush on monday urged the international community to form `` a united front '' to pressure iran over its nuclear program amid apparent divisions with russia and china on the issue .
manchester united have demanded that fifa takes action against chelsea if it is proved the english premiership champions hijacked the john obi mikel transfer .
kenya on monday asked a un narcotics panel to oversee the destruction of #.# tonnes of cocaine seized in late #### , a record haul that has become the subject of corruption and evidence tampering allegations .
a british soldier was killed in iraq on monday after coming under fire , the ministry of defense said .
the pioneering , korean-born <unk> nam june paik , who achieved world renown with his avant-garde installations , has died .
the world trade organization has postponed a ruling on a us-led complaint against the european union over genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- foods for several days , diplomats said monday .
the eu 's austrian presidency rallied monday to the defense of the freedom of the press and expression amid growing muslim anger about controversial danish cartoons , while seeking to soothe tensions .
wendy wasserstein , the pulitzer prize winning new york playwright , famed for sharp probing of feminism and womanhood in works such as `` the heidi chronicles , '' died monday aged ## .
the french rugby union league match between brive and agen that was postponed on the weekend because of snow on the pitch has been rescheduled for february ## .
venezuela will give its support to iran over a dispute between iran and the west about its nuclear program , the venezuelan energy minister energy minister rafael ramirez said on monday .
users of the popular internet telephone service skype will be able to hear ringtones taken from the warner music group stable of artists including madonna , the record label said monday .
prime minister jean-claude juncker of luxembourg said he would travel to paris tuesday to discuss mittal steel 's hostile takeover bid for european steelmaker arcelor with french president jacques chirac .
new york police were investigating monday the gruesome death of a man in the indonesian consulate , who was discovered with a knife stuck in his chest and one hand almost severed at the wrist .
the german diplomat who on tuesday takes over from paddy ashdown as bosnia 's top international envoy said his priority will be to help the formerly war-torn country in its euro-atlantic integration bids .
the european bank for reconstruction and development has helped towards building up the global mittal steel empire by co-financing investments in eastern europe and central asia .
chinese foreign minister li zhaoqing is to visit vienna this week for talks with european union leaders , ursula plassnik , foreign minister of austria , currently eu president , said monday .
england coach andy robinson is expecting an intense six nations opener against wales on saturday as the world champions aim to depose the reigning grand slam champions .
friends of a french mountaineer who went missing last week as he attempted a solo climb of nepal 's mount makalu , said on monday they still hoped he would be found alive .
a palm reader who claimed he could reunite a woman with her ex-boyfriend using paranormal phenomena denied charges of deception at an english court on monday .
a santiago appeals court on monday granted bail to the eldest daughter of former dictator augusto pinochet after a brief stint in jail on charges of tax evasion and passport falsification .
superstars tom cruise and jennifer lopez were united in shame monday when they topped the list of worst actor nominees in hollywood 's annual spoof of the oscars , the razzie awards .
american screen star sandra bullock , one of the stars of oscar hopeful `` crash , '' will present an academy award at this year 's ceremony , organisers said monday .
iraq 's highest shiite religious authority , grand ayatollah ali al-sistani , on sunday urged copenhagen to take `` measures to discourage '' those who offend the prophet mohammed , his spokesman said .
us energy giant chevron has started drilling in an offshore zone that the archipelago of sao tome and principe shares with nigeria , the island state 's natural resources minister <unk> costa said monday .
some ###,### spaniards have consulted a doctor in an attempt to kick the habit since the government introduced tough anti-smoking legislation a month ago , a medical <unk> ' group revealed monday .
an algerian asylum-seeker died and ## people were hurt , three seriously , in a fire at a prison in luxembourg monday , local police said .
poland on monday rejected a deal agreed by most members of the european union on services exempt from minimum value-added tax rules , the finance ministry said .
faulty filters at a chemical plant caused abnormal levels of the poison dioxin to reach animal feed in belgium and the netherlands , a belgian government agency said monday , stressing there was no immediate danger to human health .
a us government panel has distributed the first funds , totalling #.# million dollars , to social service agencies which support hungarian holocaust survivors , the panel announced monday .
poland on monday rejected a deal agreed by most members of the european union on services exempt from minimum value-added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- rules , the finance ministry said .
chelsea goalkeeper petr cech is set to commit his long-term future to the english premiership champions by signing a two-year contract extension in the next few days .
european stock markets retreated monday after a lacklustre opening on wall street , with strength in energy stocks in london offset as stubbornly high oil prices prompted investors to cash in on earlier highs , dealers said .
kaiserslautern 's cameroon international defender <unk> <unk> has been loaned to turkish club kayseri <unk> till the end of the season , the german first division club said on monday .
euan blair , the oldest son of british prime minister tony blair , was due this week to start a six-month stint as an intern in the us congress , officials said monday .
french first division side nice have completed the signing of mali defensive midfielder <unk> diakite from <unk> algiers of algeria .
a florida man on monday pleaded guilty to setting up a website to collect money for victims of hurricane katrina by claiming he represented pilots that flew in aid and evacuated victims .
some ### sierra leonean workers doing menial jobs in strife-torn iraq flew back home at the weekend citing insecurity while others were sacked for allegedly forging certificates , immigration officials said monday .
russian gas giant gazprom said monday its net earnings jumped ## percent in the first nine months of #### to ###.## billion rubles -lrb- #.## billion dollars , #.# billion euros -rrb- compared with the same period of #### .
the diplomatic quartet on the middle east after a meeting monday in london pressed hamas to renounce violence , recognize israel and respect the road map to middle east peace .
officials from the world bank and chad met in paris monday to thrash out a row over oil revenues that has seen the global lender suspend aid to the african nation , the bank said .
us olympian doug weight was acquired by the carolina hurricanes from the struggling st. louis blues on monday in a trade involving four players and three draft picks .
georgia has closed its airspace to russian military aircraft in a dispute over unpaid bills , an official said monday .
us president george w. bush has chosen a business school professor , edward <unk> , to be the chairman of his council of economic advisers , the white house announced monday .
a man who claimed to have worked as a `` hit man '' for interpol and offered costly training courses on human trafficking has been arrested for criminal impersonation , the us justice department said monday .
canada 's departing ambassador to washington , frank mckenna , declined monday to campaign for the beleaguered liberal party 's leadership , one week after its defeat in national elections .
manchester city have completed the <unk> -lrb- #.#-million-euro -rrb- signing of georgios samaras from heerenveen for four-and-a-half years , the premiership club said on monday .
the dollar advanced a touch on currency markets monday as cautious traders looked ahead to a pivotal meeting of the federal reserve on us interest rates .
derby manager phil brown has been sacked , the championship club revealed on monday , because of poor results .
the us senate on monday was set to approve president george w. bush 's nominee to the supreme court , samuel alito , after opposition democrats failed to block the move with a last-minute procedural maneuver .
the hamas movement late monday rejected demands from the international `` quartet '' seeking middle east peace which the radical group said served only israel 's interests .
haitian priest and political opposition figure gerard jean-juste was admitted to hospital here monday for leukemia and pneumonia , a day after being released from jail in haiti for treatment in the united states .
the comedy `` big momma 's house # '' dominated north american movie ticket sales last weekend , raking in ##.# million dollars , according to final figures released monday .
the hamas movement late monday rejected demands from the international `` quartet '' seeking middle east peace , which the radical group said served only israel 's interests .
ireland 's economy will grow at a slower-than-expected pace in #### , according to the latest analysis published tuesday by the country 's leading economic think-tank .
australian gas light company -lrb- agl -rrb- announced tuesday that it would build the country 's largest wind farm as part of efforts to meet its legal obligation to invest in renewable energy .
the slovakian government on monday named ##-year-old martin fedor as defense minister to replace juraj liska , who resigned after last week 's military plane crash in which ## people died .
un secretary general kofi annan has hailed as `` an outstanding statesman '' former german president johannes rau who died last week at age ## after a long illness , his spokesman said monday .
tokyo stocks opened higher tuesday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index rising ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
the un population fund -lrb- unfpa -rrb- said monday its executive board had approved a ## million dollar , five-year program for china to finance reproductive health activities and aids prevention .
afghanistan , struggling to emerge from armed conflict and rigid taliban rule , was set tuesday to sign a new deal with international donors to take its fitful development to a new level .
gordon strachan believes celtic 's shock defeat to clyde can inspire them to victory against motherwell in the scottish league cup semi-final on wednesday .
paris saint germain may have revenge on their minds when they host auxerre in the french cup on wednesday night in a battle between the last two winners of the competition .
the united states and europe agreed monday with russia and china on a compromise proposal to report iran to the un security council over its nuclear program but to put off un action until at least march , a joint statement said .
israeli troops were braced for angry opposition at the start tuesday of operations to evacuate several wildcat jewish settlement in the west bank .
the dollar inched up against other major currencies in asian trade tuesday as a cautious market waited for the last us federal reserve meeting under alan greenspan , dealers said .
scientists warned friday that high ocean temperatures linked to global warming had caused severe coral bleaching in parts of australia 's great barrier reef .
oil prices skidded lower in asian trade tuesday as opec oil ministers were expected to keep current production ceilings , snubbing a call by iran to cut output , dealers said .
four young australian men offering themselves on an internet auction site as instant best friends for a weekend of beer and sausages have received bids of more than ##,### dollars -lrb- ##,### us -rrb- .
prosecutors on tuesday indicted hermes investment management for alleged stock price manipulation , the first such case involving a foreign investment fund operating in south korea .
the head of one of new zealand 's spy agencies broke cover tuesday to deny charges his organization is a `` lackey '' of us and british interests .
vancouver canucks ' defenceman ed jovanovski will undergo abdominal surgery and will likely miss the turin winter games .
sri lanka won the toss and elected to bat first in their triangular series limited overs match against south africa at the western australian cricket association ground on tuesday .
hong kong police said tuesday they were hunting a team of grave robbers that media reports claimed raided the tomb of the late wife of asia 's richest man , li ka-shing .
japan 's fuji photo film announced tuesday it will slash #,### jobs worldwide as part of structural reforms to keep profitable in the competitive business .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , their highest finish since september #### , on optimism about economic recovery after upbeat corporate earnings and economic data , dealers said .
chilean president-elect michelle bachelet has unveiled a cabinet comprised of an equal number of men and women as part of her promised effort to open doors in this traditionally male-dominated country .
jewish squatters peacefully left a settlement near palestinian wholesale markets in hebron , in the southern west bank , a police source said tuesday .
eight-time grand slam winner andre agassi got off to a strong start at the atp delray beach championships with a #-# , #-# victory over #### champion ricardo mello .
japan 's top mobile phone operator ntt docomo said tuesday its profits fell in the nine months to december in part due to falling handset sales .
japanese electronics giant toshiba said tuesday its net profits had grown more than ## times year-on-year in the third quarter to december as all segments of its business sharply improved .
australian share prices closed down #.## percent tuesday , retreating from the previous day 's record levels as investors took profits in major mining stocks , dealers said .
japan 's second largest airline all nippon airways -lrb- ana -rrb- said tuesday its bottom line slipped in the nine months to december as high oil costs undercut growth in both passenger and cargo traffic .
australian cricket 's governing body has called for lifetime bans on supporters found guilty of racial abuse following reports that india 's top lawyer has been called in to investigate ongoing complaints by south african players .
japan 's struggling electronics maker sanyo said tuesday it returned to black ink in the three months to december as it launched intense restructuring but it still forecast massive losses for the year .
the world 's fourth largest advertising group , <unk> , has become the first multilateral agency to move into afghanistan by entering into a joint venture with a kabul-based firm , it said tuesday .
a top iranian nuclear official charged tuesday that there was no legal basis for tehran to be hauled before the un security council over its disputed nuclear program .
sixth seed daniela hantuchova overcame a slow start to beat jelena jankovic of serbia and montenegro in the first round of the pan pacific open tennis tournament on tuesday .
the world bank has delayed the release of some ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- in loans to kenya over corruption concerns amid new graft allegations that have rocked the east african nation , officials said tuesday .
south korean president roh moo-hyun added his voice to national grief on tuesday for pioneering korean-born us video artist paik <unk> who died in the united states aged ## .
a top iranian nuclear negotiator said tuesday that tehran 's decision to resume sensitive nuclear research work involving uranium enrichment was irreversible .
israel 's governing kadima party was to present its list of candidates tuesday to fight a march general election , with acting premier ehud olmert leading the line-up in the absence of ariel sharon .
retail sales in germany fell in december , as higher heating and electricity costs weighed on consumer sentiment in the key christmas period , data showed on tuesday .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , their highest finish since september #### on optimism about economic recovery after upbeat corporate earnings and rosy economic data , dealers said .
struggling pioneer corp tuesday posted better-than-expected revenue for the third quarter thanks to healthy sales in plasma televisions although it still expects a loss for the year to march #### .
japanese electronics maker fujitsu said tuesday it returned to profitability in the third quarter to december , lifted by an upturn in global it demand .
iraq 's kurdistan region which has confirmed its first human death from bird flu is facing an acute shortage of the vital drug to fight the disease , a medical official said tuesday .
dutch banking group abn amro said on tuesday that net profit in #### had risen by ##.# percent to #.### billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- compared to the figure for #### .
australian libby lenton broke the world record in the women 's ### metres freestyle with a time of ##.## seconds at australia 's commonwealth games swimming trials here tuesday .
japan 's honda motor said tuesday its net profit fell ##.# percent in the three months to december on higher costs and losses on financial items but forecast record earnings for the full year to march .
stalinist north korea on tuesday accused the united states of carrying out more than ### spy missions in january using reconnaissance planes as part of war preparations .
german newspaper publisher axel springer is examining the possibility of launching its second polish daily , board member andreas <unk> told the financial times deutschland in its tuesday edition .
president hugo chavez said venezuelan authorities have infiltrated a group of military officers from the us embassy who he alleges have been spying on his government .
papua new guinea 's giant ok tedi gold and copper miner announced tuesday it more than doubled its profit last year to a record ###.# million us dollars , but warned of a worsening pollution problem affecting communities in the area .
european competition commissioner neelie kroes said on tuesday that she would examine the hostile takeover bid by mittal steel for arcelor on competition grounds only .
sri lanka made ### off ##.# overs in their triangular series limited-overs international against south africa at the western australian cricket association ground on tuesday .
hamas warned tuesday against attaching strings to aid payments for the palestinians after key international players in the peace process conditioned future funding on a renunciation of violence .
two taliban insurgents and a bystander have been killed in a rare clash between the militants and angry villagers in southern afghanistan , police said tuesday .
saudi foreign minister prince saud al-faisal warned tuesday that withdrawing aid from the palestinian authority after the militant group hamas won last week 's election would be `` disastrous '' .
the european union presidency confirmed on tuesday receiving notification that poland has rejected a compromise offer on maintaining reduced rates of value added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- for some sectors until #### .
the referral of a dispute over iran 's nuclear program to the un security council will bring `` an end to diplomacy '' , top iranian national security official ali larijani warned tuesday .
british telecommunications company cable and wireless said tuesday that its chief executive , francesco caio , would step down after overseeing a major restructuring of the group .
russian president vladimir putin warned tuesday against the prospect of a revolution in uzbekistan , saying it could turn the central asian state into `` another afghanistan '' .
a new zealand pet food manufacturer planning to send relief supplies to drought-hit kenya has denied they are dog food .
ian thorpe said he felt flat on his return to major competition at australia 's commonwealth games swimming trials here tuesday .
us and european threats to cut aid to the palestinians after the hamas election victory are `` in vain '' as the group will stick by its principles and struggle for freedom , supreme leader khaled meshaal said tuesday .
hundreds of workers at a leading kenyan flower farm rioted after being sacked en masse for striking in a dispute over wages and working conditions , officials and witnesses said tuesday .
world oil prices fell on tuesday on expectations that opec members would agreed to keep oil production unchanged at ##.# million barrels per day .
russian banker igor <unk> , wanted by moscow on charges of embezzlement , has been granted asylum in lithuania , his lawyer said tuesday .
the united nations expressed concern tuesday for ## hmong children who were secretly expelled by thailand to laos and offered help in reuniting them with their parents .
forty-seven suspected drug traffickers were arrested in a series of raids across italy overnight aimed at smashing a drug-trafficking ring , a judicial source said tuesday .
india 's state-owned oil and natural gas videsh is in talks with us energy firm exxonmobil to buy its ## percent stake in a brazilian oil field , a senior company official said tuesday .
saddam hussein 's defense team will not return to court unless the judge is dismissed in the ousted iraqi leader 's trial on charges of crimes against humanity , a member of the team said tuesday .
a group of ## south african members of parliament will go on trial in july on charges of defrauding parliament in the multi-million-dollar `` travelgate '' scandal , a court ruled on tuesday .
european stock markets climbed in early deals on tuesday as markets looked ahead to the latest us rate decision .
japan 's struggling electronics maker sanyo electric said tuesday it had agreed with german carmaker volkswagen to jointly develop a next-generation battery system for hybrid cars .
dubai , istanbul and singapore are the three candidates to host the #### world short-course championships , the international swimming federation fina announced on tuesday .
sudan has turned down a visit by denmark 's defense minister and urged all firms to boycott danish products over the publication of cartoons deemed offensive to islam , the official news agency suna reported tuesday .
mizuho financial group , japan 's second-biggest banking group , said tuesday its net profit slipped in the nine months to december due to a typing error that caused chaos on the tokyo stock exchange .
confidence in the economies of the ## nations using europe 's single currency improved again this month to hit the highest level in years , the european commission said on tuesday .
the government of south sudan is sending a delegation to egypt to demand a probe into the deaths of ## sudanese when police broke up a protest in cairo , the official suna news agency reported .
a south african court on tuesday ordered the financial adviser of axed deputy president jacob zuma to pay millions in rands to the state , said to be proceeds from crime .
rival gangs clashed across the main border crossing between benin and nigeria , killing several people and setting fire to cars , an afp reporter saw .
separatist rebels from northeastern nagaland state and the indian government agreed tuesday after four days of talks in bangkok to extend their nine-year-old ceasefire for six months , a rebel spokesman said .
the number of people unemployed in france fell sharply in december , and by #.# percent in the whole of #### cutting the unemployment rate from ##.# percent to #.# percent , official data showed on tuesday .
saudi international goalkeeper hassan <unk> has undergone an operation on his right knee but should still be available for the world cup finals .
scotland coach frank hadden has made three changes to the scotland team that lost to new zealand in november for sunday 's six nations opener match against france at murrayfield .
argentina international midfielder andres d'alessandro is joining english premiership side portsmouth on loan from german bundesliga strugglers vfl wolfsburg , the <unk> allgemeine zeitung said tuesday .
a norwegian christian magazine which reprinted controversial danish caricatures of the prophet mohammed said on tuesday it `` regretted '' offending muslims but stopped short of issuing an apology .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on tuesday announced plans for #.# billion dollars in extra funding for afghanistan in the coming year as world leaders met in london to discuss the country 's future .
intercontinental hotels group -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced on tuesday plans to sell seven european hotels , continuing its policy of asset disposal to concentrate on management and franchising .
jordan 's king abdullah ii will meet british and us leaders to discuss the future of the long-stalled middle east peace process after hamas 's shock palestinian election win , a palace official said tuesday .
us private equity fund kohlberg kravis roberts -lrb- kkr -rrb- announced tuesday that it had sold its entire ##.#-percent stake in german airplane engine maker mtu aero engines to a number of different institutional investors .
pope benedict xvi urged political and financial leaders tuesday to promote development , and cautioned christians to examine their leaders ' political programs for `` authentic religious values '' .
the austrian eu presidency holds that poland 's rejection of a compromise on reduced sales taxes for some service industries is `` unacceptable '' and will consult with warsaw `` to seek a solution '' , an austrian finance ministry spokesman said tuesday .
the dollar eased on tuesday before an expected increase in us interest rates at the final federal reserve meeting under the chairmanship of alan greenspan , dealers said .
the bodies of ## men shot in the head and bearing torture marks were found in the iraqi capital on tuesday , while a policeman was shot dead by gunmen , an interior ministry official said .
the austrian eu presidency holds that poland 's rejection of a compromise deal on reduced sales taxes for some service industries is `` unacceptable '' and will consult warsaw `` to seek a solution , '' an austrian finance ministry spokesman said tuesday .
manchester city manager stuart pearce was tuesday engaged in an attempt to persuade joey barton to stay at the club after the influential midfielder tabled a shock transfer request .
nuclear-armed rivals pakistan and india agreed tuesday to begin a second railway link next month in the latest move to bolster their peace process , the foreign ministry said .
mittal steel chief executive lakshmi mittal described his talks tuesday with luxembourg prime minister jean-claude juncker on mittal 's hostile bid for european group arcelor as `` constructive '' and said contacts would continue .
a thai bank said tuesday it was in talks with foreign firms over a tie-up but declined to confirm reports that a local unit of us conglomerate general electric would buy a ##-## percent stake .
zimbabwe 's national cricket team manager mohammed `` babu '' <unk> was sacked by zimbabwe cricket authorities here tuesday after ## years in the position .
france 's constitutional council on tuesday struck out the key clause of a law that recognized the `` positive role '' of colonialism , ending a highly embarrassing episode for the government of president jacques chirac .
the football association of malaysia said tuesday it will conduct random drug tests and require new players to be tested before being registered , in a crackdown on narcotics use .
an aids crisis threatens the philippines as the number of people who are hiv carriers has doubled in just over three years , the health department warned tuesday .
lithuanian company <unk> group said tuesday that it would set up a joint venture with germany 's man <unk> to build a biodiesel production plant in lithuania .
australia midfielder josip <unk> has rejected a proposed loan move to championship club stoke city , despite a lack of first-team opportunities at wigan .
french consumers were slightly more optimistic about their economic prospects in january than in december but their overall confidence level remained subdued , a report from the national statistics institute insee showed tuesday .
denmark on tuesday tried to curb the damage caused by cartoons of the prophet mohammed published in a danish newspaper , boosted by calls from local muslims for a more conciliatory approach .
a south african mission appointed by president thabo mbeki arrived tuesday in abidjan for consultative talks with president laurent gbagbo and prime minister charles konan banny , officials said .
the price of gold and silver reached fresh multi-year high points on tuesday , spurred on by keen investment demand , analysts said .
five relief workers have been abducted by `` paramilitary personnel '' in eastern sri lanka , casting a shadow over proposed ceasefire talks in geneva , tamil tiger rebels said tuesday .
scotland coach frank hadden has made three changes to the scotland team that lost to new zealand in november for sunday 's six nations opener match against france at murrayfield .
the european union sees `` positive signals '' for a resumption in the doha round of wto trade liberalization talks , the head of the european council of trade ministers has said in a statement .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice left london on tuesday for washington to attend president george w. bush 's state of the union annual address .
the austrian eu presidency holds that poland 's rejection of a compromise deal on reduced sales taxes for some service industries is `` unacceptable '' and will consult warsaw `` to seek a solution '' , an austrian finance ministry spokesman said tuesday .
iran 's foreign minister insisted tuesday that an accord over the islamic republic 's nuclear drive was possible , even though the dispute is now set to go before the un security council .
umberto bossi , head of italy 's northern league party , underwent an operation at a swiss clinic tuesday to have a pacemaker inserted in his heart , his party said two months ahead of a general election .
two palestinians were killed on tuesday in clashes with israeli troops in the northern west bank , palestinian security sources said .
brian o'driscoll is set to make his first ireland appearance in nearly a year after being named as captain of the side that will play italy in saturday 's six nations opener against italy here at lansdowne road .
cold weather has killed ### people in ukraine since january ## as temperatures dropped below minus ## degrees celsius -lrb- minus ## fahrenheit -rrb- , the health ministry said tuesday .
opec reaffirmed a decision to hold oil production at near-record high levels at a meeting in vienna , amid rising oil prices over concern about problems in iran and nigeria , libya 's energy minister said on tuesday .
afghanistan 's supreme court has upheld death sentences imposed on three men for killing four journalists who entered the country to cover the #### toppling of the taliban , a court official said tuesday .
finnish paper and wood group upm-kymmene said on tuesday that it made a net loss of ##.# million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in the fourth quarter of #### compared to a profit of ###.# million euros in the same period of #### .
west africa 's main regional grouping of nations on tuesday called for `` maximum restraint '' by member states benin and burkina faso in resolving a border crisis fuelled by military tension .
two new outbreaks of bird flu have been discovered in the crimean peninsula , in the south of ukraine , local authorities said on tuesday .
iran 's top national security official threatened tuesday to limit cooperation with the un 's atomic energy watchdog and put an end to reinforced un inspections of its nuclear facilities .
croatian judicial authorities on tuesday ruled out filing war crimes charges against a top macedonian general due to a lack of evidence after an investigation .
gay cowboy movie `` brokeback mountain , '' `` crash , '' `` good night , and good luck , '' `` munich '' and `` capote '' on tuesday won nominations for the best picture oscar .
liberia 's new president ellen johnson sirleaf tuesday directed officials of the transitional government whose term ended when she took power to stay in the country during an audit of their offices .
oslo has overtaken tokyo to become the world 's most expensive city , highlighting the increasing cost of living across western europe , according to a survey published here on tuesday .
`` walk the line '' star reese witherspoon , felicity huffman , keira knightley and previous oscar winners judi dench and charlize theron won nominations for the best actress academy award on tuesday .
turkey 's mobile phone operators will block access to the telecom network of some ###,### unregistered handsets as part of a plan to curb smuggled or cloned devices , a senior telecommunications official said tuesday .
world champion tom boonen of belgium won the second stage of the tour of qatar tuesday , a ###km course between doha 's camel race track and the al khor corniche .
`` brokeback mountain 's '' heath ledger , `` capote 's '' philip seymour hoffman and joaquin phoenix from `` walk the line '' were among the nominees for the #### best actor oscar .
controversial gay cowboy movie `` brokeback mountain '' reined in a leading eight nominations at the #### oscar nominations tuesday .
the federal reserve tuesday opened its final meeting under the chairmanship of alan greenspan , who was bowing out after more than ## distinguished years as the us central bank chief .
world champion tom boonen of belgium won the second stage of the tour of qatar tuesday , a ###km course between doha 's camel race track and the al khor corniche .
indian government officials and wildlife experts from across south asia met here tuesday to discuss a ban on the farm drug <unk> , which has driven vultures in the region to the brink of extinction .
kuwait 's energy minister sheikh ahmad fahd al-sabah said opec 's decision on tuesday to keep oil production unchanged would help to curb price hikes .
russian president vladimir putin on tuesday ruled out taking the helm of the gazprom energy giant after he stands down in #### , saying he did not see himself as a businessman .
tottenham have signed egypt midfielder hossam ghaly from dutch club feyenoord , the english club said tuesday .
the <unk> church in eritrea has sacked the country 's patriarch , a senior government official said tuesday , dismissing charges the move was made under pressure from authorities .
movie heartthrob george clooney , jake gyllenhaal , veteran star william hurt , frances mcdormand and rachel weisz were among the best supporting actor oscar nominees unveiled tuesday .
syrian authorities tuesday prohibited five political dissidents who were released from prison from holding a press conference , the association for human rights in syria -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced .
`` brokeback mountain '' filmmaker ang lee , legendary director steven spielberg and screen star george clooney were among tuesday 's nominees for the best director oscar .
world cup winners lawrence dallaglio and matt dawson will be on the bench for england 's six nations opener against wales at twickenham on saturday .
gay cowboy movie `` brokeback mountain , '' `` crash , '' `` good night , and good luck , '' `` munich '' and `` capote '' on tuesday won nominations for the best picture oscar .
the disputed palestinian film `` paradise now , '' the tale of two childhood friends who volunteer to be suicide bombers , was nominated tuesday for a best foreign language oscar .
world cup winners lawrence dallaglio and matt dawson will be on the bench for england 's six nations opener against wales at twickenham on saturday .
italy 's interior minister giuseppe pisanu said tuesday that football games should be suspended if any nazi or <unk> symbols are displayed by supporters .
eu regulators are still waiting for details from microsoft on an offer to reveal secret computer code to meet an eu antitrust ruling , competition commissioner neelie kroes said tuesday .
us television anchor bob woodruff and his cameraman doug vogt were flown back to the united states on tuesday for further treatment after being seriously wounded in a bombing in iraq .
us stocks opened weaker tuesday as federal reserve governors met in washington to ponder interest rates , with many economists expecting the fed to announce a further hike in rates .
the only democratic opposition candidate running for president in belarus , alexander milinkevich , urged the european union on tuesday to closely watch over the march election .
an iranian man convicted of murdering the aged parents of the woman he had hoped to marry has been hanged in a prison in the southern city of bandar abbas , the <unk> newspaper said tuesday .
lithuanian brewer <unk> tauro <unk> announced tuesday it will stop using a picture of jesus christ wearing headphones to advertise its beers , after the ad campaign sparked a row with the church and upset consumers .
arab interior ministers meeting in tunis on tuesday called on denmark 's government to `` firmly sanction '' the authors of a series of caricatures of the prophet mohammed published in a danish newspaper .
iran 's foreign ministry on tuesday summoned denmark 's ambassador to protest over the publication by a danish newspaper of cartoons deemed offensive to muslims .
israel 's right-wing likud has changed its campaign slogan for the march election in order to present itself as the party able to protect israel from a hamas-led palestinian government .
the austrian presidency of the european union said tuesday it would call an extraordinary meeting of the european council on energy on march ## to discuss the current high prices and growing dependence on imports .
a presidential panel has been set up to probe clashes between nigerian soldiers and police that claimed three lives in october last year in the economic capital lagos , officials said tuesday .
conflicts in the pro-russian separatist regions of <unk> and south ossetia in georgia should be handled in the same way as the battle for independence in kosovo , vladimir putin said on tuesday .
the head of belgium 's state security service , koen <unk> , has resigned , officials said , ahead of the publication on tuesday of a report slamming his agency over a suspect nuclear export to iran .
gas supplies were being gradually restored to georgia on tuesday but much of the country was still cut off , more than a week after twin blasts blew apart the main pipeline from russia .
the united states said tuesday that one year of `` palace rule '' in nepal has only worsened security in the himalayan kingdom and boosted maoist insurgents .
luxembourg prime minister jean-claude juncker said tuesday his government opposed a takeover of european steel group arcelor by the world 's leading producer , mittal steel .
jailed kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan has formally asked to be retried in turkey after the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- ruled last year that his trial was unfair , one of his lawyers said tuesday .
gamal mubarak , son of egyptian president hosni mubarak , was promoted within the ruling national democratic party -lrb- ndp -rrb- on tuesday , adding to speculation he is being groomed as his father 's successor , officials said .
latvian police barred access to the headquarters of the baltic state 's public radio , in the heart of riga 's old town , after a letter containing a suspicious substance was received there tuesday .
france is to lift a ban that has prevented any french sports clubs from raising money on the stock market , sports minister jean-francois lamour said here tuesday .
a croatian man shot dead a masked robber only to discover later that the person he killed was his nephew , police said tuesday .
tennis player karol beck is facing international tennis federation -lrb- itf -rrb- sanctions after failing a dope test , slovak tennis federation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- secretary general igor <unk> confirmed tuesday .
france davis cup captain guy forget caused few <unk> on tuesday when he named his side to face germany in halle on february ##-## .
kuwait forecasts a deficit of #.# billion dollars for the ####-#### budget starting april , mainly due to a seven-billion-dollar payment to the state pension agency , the finance minister said tuesday .
a group representing germans expelled at the end of world war ii from countries once occupied by the nazis unveiled plans tuesday for an exhibition in berlin , despite a raging debate on its focus .
international organizations working in the aid-dependent palestinian territories said they were readying for the worst tuesday after donors threatened to cut aid unless hamas changes its politics .
russian prosecutors have opened a criminal inquiry into a new case of hazing in the military , days after the brutal beating of a conscript prompted a media outcry , a report said tuesday .
the following is a list of nominees in the major categories for the ##th-annual academy awards , unveiled before dawn on tuesday .
the olympic village for the winter games in turin was officially opened on tuesday .
world leaders on tuesday launched a five-year compact lending financial and military support to afghanistan 's battle against militants and opium traffickers as it pursues its drive for an effective democratic government .
ethiopian police have detained a journalist for a us-based website critical of the government , tightening a clampdown on independent media , a press freedom watchdog said tuesday .
canada 's economy grew by a slight #.# percent in both october and november on the strength of the service industry which offset a decrease in goods produced , statistics canada announced tuesday .
students at britain 's prestigious oxford university may soon sign contracts committing themselves to study , said a spokesperson for the university on tuesday .
australian baden cooke , riding for the unibet.com team , won the grand prix la marseillaise on tuesday , raced over ###km between <unk> and here .
polish finance minsiter zyta gilowska on tuesday said warsaw was willing to negotiate a compromise with the european union on <unk> value added tax , pulling back from a hard-line stance that torpedoed agreement on the tax .
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- is expected to present to member states wednesday an interim report on its inspections in iran , on the eve of an extraordinary meeting of the agency 's board of governors , a diplomatic source said tuesday .
sale 's tongan international epi taione has been cited for allegedly biting munster player denis leamy on the arm in a european cup game .
fears of a polish veto of a new sales tax plan highlight the strains in a europe of ## member states without a deep legal framework to smooth decision making , officials said on tuesday .
the us senate on tuesday confirmed conservative judge samuel alito to the supreme court , handing president george w. bush a major victory in his bid to steer the us high court to the right .
roma will have to play a serie a home match behind closed doors as punishment for the nazi banners that were on display at last sunday 's league game at the olympic stadium , italian football 's disciplinary council said tuesday .
controversial colombian driver juan pablo montoya has added to mclaren-mercedes ' woes by revealing he is considering offers from other formula one constructors .
eighteen egyptians were killed and another ## injured tuesday when their bus hit another vehicle , in the day 's second major traffic accident , the official mena news agency reported .
the european metalworkers federation -lrb- emf -rrb- rallied tuesday against mittal steel 's takeover bid for european rival arcelor over concerns the mega-merger would cost jobs .
support for an independent quebec , separate from the rest of canada , has plunged since stephen harper 's conservatives swept to power in last week 's federal election , according to a new poll .
an archive detailing repression by right wing nationalist forces during spain 's ####-## civil war was transferred to the northern region of catalonia on tuesday after months of legal wrangling .
us president george w. bush on tuesday mourned the death of coretta scott king , praising her role in carrying on the legacy of her husband , slain us civil rights leader martin luther king .
the dutch parliament voted tuesday for disinfection measures to be taken at domestic airports for passengers arriving from turkey and thailand , two countries affected by the potentially fatal h#n# strain of bird flu .
greek police are seeking two men accused of participating in an international scam which tricked people into depositing thousands of euros -lrb- dollars -rrb- to gain access to false lottery winnings , the police department said on tuesday .
england defender rio ferdinand could find himself thrown back into emergency midfield cover on wednesday as manchester united tackle blackburn at ewood park .
a french nuclear safety watchdog has given its cautious approval to a technique that would allow the storage of long-term radioactive waste deep underground , according to a statement issued on tuesday .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo on tuesday wooed spanish firms to invest in the exploration of his country 's vast gas sector , an official statement from his office in abuja said .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- will give ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- for forest and ecosystem conservation in central africa , officials said on signing an agreement tuesday in brazzaville .
cartoons caricaturing the prophet mohammed in the danish and norwegian press provoked boycotts and angry protests across the muslim world on tuesday as interior ministers from ## arab countries called on the danish government to punish the authors .
south african president thabo mbeki on tuesday paid tribute to coretta scott king , saying she and her husband , us civil rights leader martin luther king , provided inspiration in the struggle against apartheid .
monaco midfielder olivier <unk> has rejoined fellow french first division club rennes on a three-and-a-half year contract , the buying club said on tuesday .
us stocks slipped tuesday on a mixed set of earnings from tobacco group altria and pharmaceutical giant merck , but activity was light as investors awaited a federal reserve decision on us interest rates .
transfer deadline day saw a hive of activity in the english premiership but it was the deals that did n't go through which made the bigger headlines rather than those that did .
mehmet ali agca 's lawyer wants turkey 's justice minister prosecuted for abuse of office for <unk> his client , who tried to kill pope john paul ii in #### , the <unk> news agency reported tuesday .
the slovak army said tuesday it planned to replace its ageing fleet of soviet-era antonov transport aircraft between now and #### .
japanese defensive midfielder koji nakata and swedish defender daniel <unk> have joined fc basel , the swiss club announced tuesday .
australian investment group macquarie bank on tuesday extended its takeover bid for the london stock exchange to february ## .
a us military laboratory located in cairo performed the tests that indicated bird flu possibly caused a girl 's death in northern iraq earlier this month , a pentagon spokesman said tuesday .
ireland on tuesday banned the sale or possession of so-called magic mushrooms containing hallucinogenic drugs .
uganda 's constitutional court ruled tuesday that a military tribunal had no jurisdiction to try opposition leader kizza besigye for terrorism but said he could be court-martialled on weapons charges .
us assistant secretary of state for the western hemisphere tom shannon on tuesday ended a two-day visit to spain with officials hailing a solid dialogue on latin american affairs , despite a recent spat over madrid 's controversial sale of military jets to venezuela .
a top official with us securities and exchange commission voiced concern tuesday that new us regulations for hedge funds could encourage them to flee to more loosely regulated havens abroad .
the un security council on tuesday called on lebanon to assert more authority over its entire territory and condemned recent serious incidents on the lebanon-israel border .
the leader of the main exiled iranian opposition group urged the united states and europe on tuesday to support her organization as a way out of the impasse over the islamic government 's nuclear ambitions .
wales flanker dafydd jones has been handed a three-week suspension by the welsh rugby union on tuesday after being sent off in a celtic league match last week .
the body of an ivorian man believed to have commited several murders and rapes , and presumed to have been killed by french peacekeeping troops , was exhumed tuesday for dna tests , an official said .
former world champion stephane <unk> has been selected for the french team to compete in next weekend 's prestigious tournoi de paris , more than five years after retiring .
human remains recently found in lebanon have been identified as those of french hostage michel <unk> , who was kidnapped in beirut in #### , according to a dna test , his wife told afp tuesday .
wales coach mike ruddock has made five changes from the side that beat australia for the first leg of his injury-hit team 's six nations grand slam defense against england at twickenham on saturday .
iran has told the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- that it has begun research relating to enriching uranium , a fuel process that can also be used to make atom bombs , the iaea said tuesday .
norwegian oil giant statoil said tuesday it was considering selling its irish retail and industrial business so it can focus on expanding its activities in scandinavian and eastern european markets .
iraqi siamese twins will be separated in a saudi hospital at the expense of king abdullah , a health official told afp on tuesday .
the us senate on tuesday confirmed ben bernanke , a top white house economic advisor , to be the new chairman of the federal reserve , succeeding outgoing fed chairman alan greenspan .
fly-half frederic michalak will not start training until thursday despite being selected for france 's six nations opener against scotland at murrayfield on sunday .
high-level russian and chinese diplomats will go to tehran wednesday to discuss russia 's plan of creating a joint company to enrich iranian uranium , said an official with the russian embassy in tehran tuesday , reported several russian news agencies .
pope benedict xvi 's first encyclical is being snapped up by buyers across rome , with booksellers reporting sales of #,### copies a day , the ansa news agency reported tuesday .
russian president vladimir putin said tuesday he did not support his belarussian counterpart alexander lukashenko at `` any price '' , ahead of march elections in the former soviet republic .
an italian court on tuesday sentenced to life in prison one of the masterminds behind three satanic ritual murders which have shocked italy .
iran will cease cooperating with the un nuclear watchdog on saturday if it forwards the country 's nuclear dossier to the security council , foreign minister manouchehr mottaki said .
french prime minister dominique de villepin on tuesday called on the country 's companies to reorganise their capital to better resist `` attacks '' such as the hostile takeover bid by mittal steel for arcelor .
the doha-based al-jazeera network , due to launch an english-language channel this spring , announced tuesday a new service in urdu , ahead of plans to offer similar services in french , spanish and turkish .
<unk> legend fats domino -- who was feared dead last fall after hurricane katrina flooded his home -- will headline the ##th annual new orleans jazz and heritage festival , organizers said tuesday .
russian defense minister sergei ivanov announced tuesday that russia would build a new missile defense warning station in the south of the country , thus decreasing its dependence on radar systems based in nations such as azerbaijan and ukraine .
fifty-eight journalists were killed doing their jobs last year in various hot-spots around the world , including ## in iraq , the most dangerous of all countries for reporters , an industry group said tuesday .
henry mcgee , who spent ## years as slapstick british comedian benny hill 's on-screen partner , has died at the age of ## , his agent said tuesday .
ricin , a deadly biochemical toxin that experts worry might be used in terrorist attacks , could be neutralized by a newly developed experimental vaccine , us researchers announced tuesday .
blood samples from refugees who fled the balkan conflicts of the ####s to live in the united states have been used to identify ## war dead , bosnian dna experts said tuesday .
the following is a basket of facts about the nominations for the ##th annual academy awards that were announced in beverly hills on tuesday .
british prime minister tony blair was defeated tuesday night when parts of his government 's plans to ban incitement to religious hatred were voted down in the house of commons .
us stocks slipped tuesday after the federal reserve left open the possibility of further increases to us interest rates , traders said .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice praised the late civil rights activist coretta scott king as `` a champion of human rights '' in a statement tuesday .
microsoft founder bill gates , the world 's richest man , said tuesday the tax office in the us has to store his financial data on a special computer because his fortune is so vast .
supermodel kate moss met british police on tuesday in a much-anticipated rendez-vous following newspaper claims that she snorted cocaine at a recording studio .
andy roddick and james blake along with australian open doubles champions bob and mike bryan will team up for the united states against romania in the first round of the davis cup february ##-## .
german judicial officials have opened an inquiry into the #### killings by german troops of at least #,### african soldiers serving in the french army , said a german official in charge of investigating nazi war crimes tuesday .
paul scharner saved wigan 's blushes with an equaliser in the #-# premiership draw at home to everton on tuesday night after the <unk> had gone behind through an own goal .
two former managers for the chinese state-controlled bank of china and their wives have been charged with stealing more than ### million dollars and laundering money through las vegas casinos , officials said tuesday .
the crisis over iran 's nuclear ambitions deepened tuesday as tehran signalled it would end cooperation with the un nuclear watchdog at the weekend and the united states warned of a miscalculation .
us president george w. bush was to argue tuesday in his state of the union speech that the united states must be bold in breaking its `` addiction '' to oil , battling terrorism , and competing economically with nations like china and india .
canadian and us fighter jets will patrol the skies above ford field in detroit on sunday to ensure no wayward aircraft crash the annual super bowl party , military officials announced tuesday .
the us olympic committee on tuesday announced a ###-strong team for the turin winter games , with ## women and ### men set to represent the united states when the olympics kick off on february ## .
international oil prices fell tuesday after reassuring comments from iranian oil officials and ahead of the publication of latest us reserves figures .
google inc. said late tuesday its fourth-quarter profit surged ## percent as the world 's leading internet search engine expanded its lucrative online advertising business .
iran has told the international atomic energy agency that it has begun research relating to enriching uranium , a crucial fuel process that can also be used to making nuclear bombs , the iaea said in a report tuesday .
the un security council on tuesday unanimously extended the mandate of a small force monitoring the ceasefire between the georgian government and its breakaway region of abkhazia for another two months .
the dollar pulled back against major currencies tuesday in the wake of hints from the us federal reserve that its newest rate hike might not be the last .
a policeman in the multi-ethnic us city of los angeles should be punished for killing a ##-year-old black boy in a hail of bullets following a car chase , police officials ruled tuesday .
a drug used to fight eczema and to combat organ rejection among transplant patients has shown promising results in lab tests against a brain disorder called huntington 's disease , a study published on wednesday says .
tokyo stocks opened slightly lower wednesday , with the benchmark nikkei-### index falling ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first minutes of trading .
prime minister tony blair vowed tuesday to see through the job in iraq , after british forces sustained their ###th fatality since the us-led invasion in march #### .
central african president <unk> bozize , accused by human rights groups of seeking to rule as a dictator , reshuffled the government on tuesday , kicking out five ministers , including three caught up in a fraud investigation , national radio announced .
the australian government confirmed wednesday that it had lobbied the united states to drop an investigation into allegations that national wheat exporter awb paid bribes to saddam hussein 's iraq .
all black sione lauaki admitted in a new zealand court wednesday assaulting a security officer in an early morning confrontation last month .
the us supreme court stayed the execution of a second florida convict tuesday following a new challenge on whether lethal injections are inhumane , officials said .
us president george w. bush congratulates kuwait 's new emir sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah on assuming power and hopes to build on warm ties between the two countries , the white house said tuesday .
josh smith will defend his slam dunk crown at the national basketball association all-star weekend , trying to join michael jordan and jason richardson as the only players two win the contest two years in a row .
martin jol admitted he felt `` angry '' after seeing his tottenham side 's champions league hopes dented by a #-# defeat away to fulham .
chris henry , a wide receiver with the cincinnati bengals , faces three gun charges and the ire of his national football league team after his second run-in with the law in as many months .
british supermodel kate moss followed her lawyers ' advice and stayed tight-lipped when she was quizzed by police in london over her alleged use of cocaine , it was reported wednesday .
south korea will be counting on the talents of its short-track speed skaters to reverse a decade-long slide down the olympic medal standings at this year 's winter olympiad in turin , italy .
the new orleans hornets , displaced by hurricane katrina , will again play out of oklahoma city next season but be back home for ####-## , the national basketball association announced tuesday .
prime minister tony blair has vowed to stay the course in iraq after british forces sustained their ###th fatality since the us-led invasion in march #### .
the san diego padres officially signed power-hitting catcher mike piazza to a one-year contract on tuesday , with a mutual option for #### .
hong kong gold prices opened higher wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
the united states said tuesday that one year of `` palace rule '' has only worsened security and boosted maoist insurgents in nepal , as an international think tank called for targeted sanctions to restore democracy in the himalayan kingdom .
internet privacy advocates filed a lawsuit on tuesday charging us telecom giant at and t with being an accomplice to illegal domestic spying by the us government .
president george w. bush insisted tuesday that us-led forces were winning the war in iraq and ruled out a hasty withdrawal that would `` abandon our iraqi allies to death and prison .
president george w. bush called tuesday for a ##-percent cut in us oil imports from the middle east by #### in a bid to wean the country off its `` addiction '' to energy from the region .
us president george w. bush on tuesday exhorted the iranian people to assert their freedom against tehran 's clerical regime and offered close us ties with `` a free and democratic iran .
president george w. bush on tuesday renewed his pledge to press for democratic change in the middle east , calling on us allies egypt and saudi arabia to expand political reform .
us president george w. bush on tuesday called on congress to ban human cloning , calling it an abuse of medical research .
president george w. bush warned tuesday that a retreat to trade protectionism would relegate the united states to a `` second-rate '' economy .
president george w. bush on tuesday again called on hamas to recognize israel , disarm , and reject terrorism , after its sweeping victory in palestinian elections .
a ferry sank in bad weather off eastern indonesia leaving at least ## people feared dead , a rescue official said wednesday .
france 's boris diaw posted his first career triple-double and raja bell scored ## points in three quarters as phoenix rolled past philadelphia ###-## in the national basketball association on tuesday .
president george w. bush on tuesday borrowed the valedictory message of a fallen marine to honor us combat victims , and to urge americans not to falter in the war in iraq .
the dollar steadied in asian trade wednesday after the us federal reserve hinted at another interest rate rise next month but kept the market guessing about the outlook beyond that , dealers said .
south korea 's trade surplus shrank sharply in january due to higher oil prices and an appreciating currency , trade officials said wednesday .
kobe bryant scored ## points as the los angeles lakers pounded the new york knicks ###-## on tuesday , but at least new york coach larry brown did n't have to see the end .
nepal 's king gyanendra wednesday vowed that local elections will go ahead next week despite a boycott called by opposition parties and threats of disruption by maoist rebels .
jason kidd scored ## points and led four nets players in double figures as new jersey ended detroit 's national basketball <unk> ##-game winning streak here tuesday .
share prices in india crashed during the week as prime minister h.d. deve gowda backed out of a promise to announce more market reforms before leaving for a global economic summit in davos .
a witness in a blackmail case was stunned when a prosecutor asked him to mimic the moans of his colleague who was allegedly blackmailed with videotapes of her having sex , it was reported here saturday .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted the indonesian resort island of bali early on saturday , a meteorological office said here thursday .
the west indies have australia reeling at lunch on the opening day of the fifth and final cricket test at the waca <unk> here saturday .
chinese and us trade negotiators , ignoring a # p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- deadline , continued talks here saturday to finalize the details of a fresh textile accord , the us embassy said .
the wife of jailed chinese dissident liu nianchun said saturday she has canceled a sit-in protest in beijing after police promised to allow her to visit the labor activist .
a hong kong rural leader on saturday walked out of a meeting in beijing of a committee discussing the territory 's future , in protest against a decision to allow women to inherit land in village communities here .
five indonesian students will be tried for allegedly distributing stickers advocating a boycott of upcoming parliamentary elections , a report said saturday .
the chief of the philippines ' state-run water utility defended saturday two huge contracts awarded to consortia involving british , us and french companies , after a court barred further action on the deals .
indian communists on saturday threatened to withdraw parliamentary support to the government if new delhi opened up the state-owned insurance industry to private competition .
seven passengers , including two children , were burned alive and ## others injured in a freak fire on a moving bus southeast of the bangladeshi capital , dhaka , police and newspaper reports said saturday .
an indonesian man cut off his own penis with a kitchen knife after discovering his wife was pregnant for the ninth time , a news report said here saturday .
hong kong will lose one percent of its cargo throughput as a result of an agreement by china and taiwan to start direct shipping links , the territory 's trade development council said saturday .
police were holding ## people as suspects in mass riots in the indonesian town of rengasdengklok that targetted <unk> and ethnic chinese , reports said saturday .
thai prime minister chaowalit yongchaiyudh agreed saturday to proposals by visiting cambodian co-premier hun sen to ease shortages in former khmer rouge territory , the thai government spokesman announced .
the heart care foundation of india has urged people to fast once a week for a better and healthy life , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported saturday .
with peruvian president alberto fujimori due in washington for discussions on the lima hostage crisis , us officials expressed hope for a peaceful solution while sticking to their position of no concessions to hostage takers .
taiwan foreign minister john chang returned saturday from a two-week african trip including a stopover in bangkok which analysts said is bound to further anger china .
an indian student at a school near here committed suicide after she was allegedly humiliated for failing to pay up ## rupees -lrb- ## cents -rrb- for a community prayer , police said saturday .
washington remained upbeat even though north korea once again has postponed a key briefing with south korea and the united states on four-party peace talks for the korean peninsula .
the burmese military saturday said it had exposed three `` subversive '' groups in the country linked to foreign-based insurgents which were behind student unrest here in december .
gulf arab states lost nearly ### billion dollars because of huge payments for the gulf war , which resulted in massive damage in kuwait , a world bank expert said in press comments on saturday .
south korean share prices plunged and then rebounded during the week in line with developments with the debt-stricken hanbo business group scandal .
the us government wants a federal appeals court to reverse a judge 's ruling declaring that fugitive lui <unk> can not be extradited to hong kong .
a moslem gang stabbed a hindu man to death saturday in southern india to avenge the assassination of a moslem religious leader , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported .
burmese foreign minister ohn gyaw saturday rejected accusations of human rights abuses contained in a us state department annual report released this week , but said he hoped bilateral relations would improve .
croatia has welcomed a un security council document endorsing zagreb 's plans for elections in march in un-administered eastern slavonia , the last serb-held area in croatia .
four men and a woman were arrested in western india after they allegedly sacrificed a five-year-old girl in a bid to find hidden treasure , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- said saturday .
iraq denied on saturday claims by kuwait that it was massing troops along its southern border in a threat to the oil-rich monarchy , according to a senior iraqi military official .
the islamic front of the armed jihad -lrb- fida -rrb- on saturday claimed responsibility for the assassination of the leader of algeria 's main trade union abdelhak benhamouda .
qatari foreign minister sheikh hamad ibn jassem al-thani called for regional cooperation to ensure gulf security during a visit here saturday , iran 's official news agency irna reported .
police saturday were holding ## people as suspects in mass riots in the indonesian town of rengasdengklok that targetted <unk> and ethnic chinese , reports said .
russian authorities prepared a helicopter landing pad , sent tractors out to clear snow and built a new road so that prime minister viktor chernomyrdin could hunt down a mother bear and her cubs while president boris yeltsin was sick in hospital , news reports said this week .
negotiations with countries bidding to join the european union will start in #### and could wind up `` before '' or `` after '' #### , european commission president jacques santer said here saturday .
the islamic front of the armed jihad -lrb- fida -rrb- on saturday claimed responsibility for the assassination of the leader of algeria 's main trade union abdelhak benhamouda .
an indian who was asked by his employer to stay with a cow in a lorry to prevent it from falling suffered serious injuries when he was butted out by the animal , the al-khaleej daily said saturday .
six people have been killed in fierce fighting among rival moslem clans in sulu province , south of here , the military said saturday .
european commission president jacques santer said here saturday a stability council grouping countries that have adopted a single european currency would only be informal .
philippine employers on saturday filed an appeal seeking to stop the implementation of a ## percent increase in minimum wages in manila , an official said .
striking serbian teachers who earn as little as ### dollars a month have threatened to call a general work stoppage in their sector monday unless the beleaguered government boosts their salaries .
sudanese opposition groups fighting to oust the government in khartoum will only accept a peace accord on condition that there are international guarantees it will be obeyed , a spokesman said saturday .
eu humanitarian commissioner emma bonino arrived in zaire on saturday to meet with officials and visit this eastern city to assess the humanitarian crisis involving tens of thousands of people displaced by fighting in eastern zaire .
a senior bosnian moslem general gave a blunt warning to his former serb enemies that they faced more fighting unless they let refuges return home , a sarajevo newspaper reported saturday .
malaysian police saturday outlined plans to raid squatter areas and huge plantation estates nationwide to flush out an estimated one million illegal workers still in the country .
un secretary general kofi annan said friday he expects to be briefed on the middle east peace process this weekend by israeli , egyptian and palestinian leaders .
the authorities in chechnya have offered a reward of ## million rubles -lrb- around #,### dollars -rrb- for any information helping them to trace and free two russian television journalists kidnapped last month , interfax news agency reported on saturday .
iraq denied claims on saturday by kuwait that it was massing troops along its southern border in a threat to once again invade the oil - rich monarchy .
hong kong governor chris patten described as `` very disturbing '' saturday 's decision by a chinese-appointed body to scrap or amend a series of controversial hong kong laws .
china on saturday reacted angrily to criticisms in this week 's us government report on human rights , accusing washington of `` distorting '' the facts and interfering in its internal affairs .
china on saturday reacted angrily to criticisms in this week 's us government report on human rights , accusing washington of `` distorting '' the facts and interfering in its internal affairs .
a man <unk> of inciting violent religious riots in the west java town of tasikmalaya has been arrested and faces a charge of subversion , a report said saturday .
coface of france and the state-owned philippine export and foreign loan guarantee corp. -lrb- <unk> -rrb- signed an agreement to provide the first export credit insurance service in the philippines , trade department secretary cesar bautista said saturday .
a german police officer serving with the un 's international police task force in bosnia died in a car accident outside the capital sarajevo , a un spokesman said saturday .
sudanese opposition groups fighting to oust the government in khartoum will only accept a peace accord on condition that there are international guarantees it will be obeyed , a spokesman said saturday .
the kurdistan democratic party -lrb- kdp -rrb- has accused a rival kurdish faction of leading `` terrorist '' operations against it in northern iraq despite pledges to observe a ceasefire .
eight people were sentenced to death and executed in shanghai friday for crimes ranging from arson and rape to murder , the wenhui bao daily reported saturday .
former cricket hero imran khan is to ask a court to ban deposed pakistani premier benazir bhutto and her former ministers from taking part in upcoming elections , his party said saturday .
a high level delegation of bosnian serbs travels to washington saturday to plead the case for the disputed northern town of brcko remaining under their control , bosnian serb radio reported .
president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani said saturday iran was determined to strenghten relations with its arab neighbors across the gulf in a meeting here with qatari foreign minister sheikh hamad ibn jassem al-thani .
the european union 's commissioner for economic affairs , yves <unk> de silguy , said saturday at the world economic forum that growth in the ##-member union this year will be #.# percent .
turkish citizens have been urged to turn off their lights for one minute a day at # p.m. beginning saturday to step up pressure for <unk> of alleged mafia connections of prominent people .
gulf arab states could lose their credibility if they were tempted by a surge in oil prices and <unk> reforms they introduced recently to revive their economies , according to a prominent expert .
kuwaiti emir sheikh jaber al-ahmad al-sabah met the sudanese opposition leader and former prime minister sadeq al-mahdi on saturday , the official news agency kuna reported .
palestinian president yasser arafat arrived saturday at this swiss ski resort where he has a dinner date with the israeli and egyptian heads of state , and about ## others .
thirteen people were injured when a bomb exploded at a bus station in the northern indian state of haryana saturday , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- said .
three leaders of swaziland 's most powerful trade union were arrested as they carried out preparations for a general strike set to begin next week , union officials said here saturday .
pressure is mounting on the un security council to take action to curb fighting in zaire which threatens to engulf neighbouring states , western diplomats say .
the president of the world jewish congress , edgar bronfman , was reported saturday to have accused switzerland of history 's `` worst robbery '' as the row of jewish assets dating back to the holocaust continued .
a un helicopter hit an electrical wire , exploded and crashed into a lake saturday , killing three un soldiers and a civilian pilot , a un spokeswoman said .
rail workers have postponed two one-day strikes originally called for february # and ## in order to conform with notice requirements under italian law .
a ##-year-old boy was killed and ## people were wounded when a bomb exploded in a bus in the northern indian state of haryana saturday , police said .
top pakistani politicians converged here saturday for a last-minute battle of wits as a nationwide month-long election campaign neared a midnight close .
serbian police in the troubled province of kosovo killed three suspected ethnic albanian separatists in a gun battle on saturday , the state-run news agency tanjug said .
russian president boris yeltsin has invited prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and chief of staff anatoly chubais to lunch at his country residence on saturday to celebrate his ##th birthday , interfax news agency said .
us assistant secretary of state for european and canadian affairs john kornblum arrived in the romanian capital from rome on saturday for a ##-hour visit to discuss nato expansion .
china on saturday reacted angrily to criticisms in this week 's us government report on human rights , accusing washington of `` distorting '' the facts and interfering in its internal affairs .
algerian president liamine zeroual sent out an invitation saturday to political parties to attend a meeting to discuss upcoming national elections , officials said .
iraq on saturday denied it was massing troops along its southern border in a threat to once again invade kuwait , and accused the oil - rich monarchy of spreading lies .
russia could provide cyprus with an <unk> system along with controversial s-### missiles to get round turkey 's threat to blow the missiles up if they are deployed , the itar-tass news agency said saturday .
zairean rebels fighting to bring down the zairean government on saturday accused belgium , the former colonial power , of interfering in the country 's conflict .
the state department is urging us citizens to avoid traveling to algeria because of the high risk of attacks and advised americans to exercise caution in serbia and ecuador .
ireland 's first divorcee has died , two weeks after the being granted the first divorce in this predominantly roman <unk> country and marrying the woman he had been living with for years , the irish times reported saturday .
authorities have expelled ## chinese they said tried to enter paraguay illegally , officials said saturday .
yasser arafat 's palestinian authority has protested against an israeli army ban on a program to renovate the historic old city of the west bank town of hebron , saying it threatens the peace process .
president bill clinton saturday urged congress to expand existing legislation so parents can take additional leave to care for their children or sick relatives .
peru 's elite special operations and tactical operations police showed off a <unk> mission to japanese and peruvian press , the daily el sol reported on saturday .
swiss foreign minister flavio cotti said saturday that a meeting here with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu had taken the heat out of the row over the assets of holocaust victims .
the personal doctor of former south african president pieter botha , wouter basson , admitted saturday he had taken part in undercover military operations in the ####s , the sapa news agency reported .
about #,### member of the <unk> tribe have threatened to commit mass suicide if oil exploration takes place on their ancestral lands .
ireland 's first divorcee has died , two weeks after the being granted the first divorce in this predominantly roman catholic country and marrying the woman he had been living with for years , the irish times reported saturday .
japan 's prime minister ryutaro hashimoto hinted saturday that plans for allowing leftist guerrillas holding ## hostages in his country 's embassy residence in lima to seek refuge in a third country were advanced .
a private lebanese hospital said on saturday it will slash by ## percent prices on many services , including plastic surgery , to mark the country 's discount campaign in february aimed at boosting tourism .
deposed premier benazir bhutto expressed fears of largescale rigging at the behest of president farooq ahmed leghari in the february # polls in pakistan as campaigning ended late saturday .
a un helicopter hit an electrical wire , exploded and crashed into a lake saturday , killing three un soldiers and a civilian pilot , a un spokeswoman said .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu held a round of meetings with political and finance leaders saturday on the sidelines of the world economic forum here .
an air senegal aircraft crashed at tambacounda airport , in southeastern senegal , killing ## people and injuring about ## on saturday , radio senegal reported .
several people were slightly injured late friday when an air liberte dc-## suddenly lost altitude , dropping about ### meters -lrb- #,### feet -rrb- , airline officials said .
the commander of the tupac amaru unit holding ## people hostage at the japanese embassy residence here insisted saturday the leftist rebels `` definitely will not drop '' their demand for the release of ### comrades from peruvian jails .
pope john paul ii on saturday offered words of comfort for the millions of reluctant bachelors and <unk> living lonely lives in the western world .
europe 's unemployed are planning a two-month march on amsterdam , where eu leaders are to hold a summit in june , the french organizers of the protest said saturday .
rival groups from the ethnic-based mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- traded blows , stones , eggs and tomatoes ahead of the upcoming elections in pakistan , witnesses said .
the us congress will assess a request for ### million dollars to be made available for family planning programs abroad , in what is certain to be a controversial debate .
five chests containing jewels and precious objects stolen by the nazis from italian jews have come to light in a <unk> at the treasury ministry in rome , an official said saturday .
russia must urgently introduce reforms or change governments , russian business and political leaders attending the davos world economic forum said saturday .
protestors hurled abuse at the top un military officer in cyprus and attacked his vehicle on saturday as he crossed into the turkish - occupied northern part of the island , un officials said .
the commander of the tupac amaru rebel unit holding ## hostages at the japanese embassy residence here insisted saturday he would not drop a demand to release jailed ### comrades .
while the us economic model draws rave reviews for pumping up growth , it should not be used as a blueprint for european and asian nations , a group of business and government leaders said here saturday .
zulu nationalist leader mangosuthu buthelezi said here saturday that the acting presidency conferred on him by president nelson mandela would contribute to peace between their two feuding parties .
an air senegal aircraft crashed on saturday at tambacounda airport , in southeastern senegal , killing ## people and injuring about ## , radio senegal reported .
liberia 's head of state , ruth perry , said saturday she thought her country 's civil war , which has killed more than ###,### people in seven years , was finally over .
liberia 's head of state , ruth perry , said saturday she thought her country 's civil war , which killed more than ###,### people in seven years , was finally over .
at least two explosions saturday erupted in the serb-held region of croatia adding to tension ahead of local elections , un officials and croatian television said .
germany 's finance minister , theo waigel , and his british counterpart , kenneth clarke , said saturday they both favored retaining unanimous voting on the harmonisation of eu tax policies .
japan 's prime minister ryutaro hashimoto and peru 's president alberto fujimori left canada saturday after a two-hour summit on the six-week - old hostage crisis in lima .
about #,### soldiers holed up in their barracks for the past four days on saturday stepped up their rebellion and held one general hostage .
libya said saturday the united states was in no position to speak about the state of human rights around the world and accused it of ignoring abuses in its own backyard .
yemen 's president ali abdallah saleh arrived on saturday in saudi arabia where he is due to make a pilgrimage to mecca , site of islam 's holiest shrines , the official spa news agency said .
productivity in the european union 's information and communications sectors lags far behind those in the united states and asia , according to a report shown to eu industry ministers here saturday .
an air senegal aircraft crashed on saturday at tambacounda airport , in southeastern senegal , killing ## people and injuring ## , radio senegal reported .
one of ## asylum seekers on hunger strike at a detention center here was taken into hospital saturday after his health deteriorated , britain 's home office said .
peruvian president alberto fujimori arrived in washington saturday from toronto where he met with japanese prime minister ryutaro hashimoto on the ongoing hostage crisis in lima .
an air senegal aircraft crashed on saturday at tambacounda airport , in southeastern senegal , killing ## people and injuring ## , some of them seriously , radio senegal reported .
john garang , leader of the rebel sudan people 's liberation army , affirmed his commitment to sudanese unity in an interview published here sunday .
a man suspected of killing photojournalist jose luis cabezas -- whose charred body was found january ## -- surrendered himself in to police and was being detained , officials said saturday .
a member of germany 's ruling coalition said said saturday that it would table a `` no-confidence '' motion in the european parliament against the eu commission to obtain `` more effective '' measures against `` madcow disease '' .
about #,### soldiers holed up in their barracks for the past four days on saturday stepped up their rebellion and held one general hostage .
an air senegal aircraft crashed on saturday in southeastern senegal killing ## people and injuring ## , according to the latest toll issued overnight .
tamil tiger guerrillas staged a major attack against a military outpost in eastern sri lanka sunday , killing or wounding many combatants , officials here said .
spain 's highest court sentenced five members of the eta basque separatist organization saturday to ## years imprisonment each for their part in an attack on a railway in #### in which a policeman was killed .
chinese and us negotiators reached agreement sunday on their bilateral textile dispute after marathon talks aimed at preventing a sanctions war , a chinese foreign trade official said .
the state-owned banking giant , uganda commercial bank -lrb- ucb -rrb- , has been advertised for sale in what is seen here as the country 's biggest operation in the much-publicised privatisation exercise started four years ago .
chinese and us negotiators reached agreement sunday on their bilateral textile dispute after marathon talks aimed at preventing a sanctions war , a chinese foreign trade official said .
the world bank has extended a ###-million-dollars credit line to ukraine to finance restructuring of its mining industry , interfax news agency reported .
a chartered jet carrying a pilot and co-pilot crashed near the southern philippine city of butuan after dropping off defense secretary renato de villa , aviation and rescue authorities said sunday .
a former ira leader has told a belfast magazine that sinn fein leader gerry adams talked with him in #### about whether the ira should assassinate moderate nationalist john hume , leader of the social - democratic and labor party -lrb- sdlp -rrb- .
tamil tiger guerrillas destroyed a military outpost in eastern sri lanka sunday , killing at least ## soldiers , officials said .
separatist tamil tiger guerrillas destroyed a military outpost in eastern sri lanka sunday , killing at least ## soldiers and wounding another ## , officials said .
workers at norilsk , the world 's biggest nickel producer , have given management until february ## to settle some #,### billion rubles -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in wage arrears , failing which they will ask the government to intervene , interfax news agency reported .
a former top democratic national committee official on saturday said his party erred in inviting a man convicted of securities fraud and who had ties to organized crime to the white house .
australia 's labor opposition called sunday for a public inquiry into the proposed axing of the australian broadcasting corporation 's -lrb- abc -rrb- overseas networks , radio australia and australia television .
indonesians are gearing up for the end of the moslem fasting month on february # , with the annual mass exodus to rural areas already starting and the demand for meat and poultry soaring ### percent , reports said sunday .
jack russell 's <unk> rearguard defiance failed to stop england suffering a humiliating ## run defeat by new zealand a on sunday .
singapore-based multimedia firm creative technology ltd. has confirmed a turnaround in its fortunes with its best quarterly financial performance ever .
china has scrapped plans to send an advance military party to hong kong before the july # handover as beijing and london failed to strike a deal on the proposal , a report said sunday .
peruvian president alberto fujimori will meet with us secretary of state madeleine albright on monday to discuss the hostage standoff in lima .
a substantial majority of australians , but a minority of doctors , support voluntary euthanasia laws , according to a university survey published in the latest issue of the australian medical journal .
separatist tamil tiger guerrillas carried out simultaneous attacks against two army camps in eastern sri lanka sunday , killing at least ## soldiers and wounding another ## , officials here said .
the traditional <unk> beer in the dressing room will be banned for australian players during their south african tour starting later this week .
a hong kong hotel group is building what is believed to be the first five-star casino hotel in north korea , according to an official report monitored here sunday .
hong kong 's designated chief tung chee-hwa was urged on sunday by the territory 's pro-democracy camp to have the self-confidence to stand up to future master beijing .
taiwanese soldiers on an island outpost shot dead a mainland chinese fisherman on a boat , state media reported sunday .
china and the united states signed documents sunday at the end of marathon talks on a new textile agreement aimed at averting a sanctions war .
south korean economists warned sunday the country could register its lowest growth rate in decades in the first quarter of #### after the trade deficit hit a record #.## billion dollars in january .
west indies labored to reach ## for two by lunch on the second day of the fifth and final test against australia here sunday .
mario stecher of austria won the ##-kilometer cross country race sunday to win his third nordic combined world cup title of the season .
a series of bomb attacks against public buildings , occurred early sunday in southern corsica and in bastia , police said .
south korea 's main opposition party on sunday demanded that president kim young-sam fire his top economic advisor as prosecutors appeared set to expand the stormy hanbo scandal probe to mps and officials .
china and the united states signed a new bilateral textile agreement sunday , averting a damaging sanctions war .
survivors of an aircraft which crashed in southern senegal on saturday killing ## people , claimed sunday that water might have got into the kerosene used to fuel the plane , causing its engines to fail .
rupert murdoch 's global media giant news corp ltd. is set to record a rise of about ## percent in first half net earnings to around ### million dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- when it reports thursday , analysts predict .
a malaysian high court has allowed the wife of an appeals court judge to file an application to jail a correspondent of the far eastern economic review for alleged contempt of court over an article in the magazine , a report said sunday .
hong kong couples who planned to get married when the territory returns to chinese rule on july # will have to pick other dates as warnings from <unk> sparked the closure of marriage registries , a report said sunday .
the defense minister in guatemala where #,### military police are staging a mutiny over demobilization conditions , pledged saturday not to attack the rebels as long as they stayed inside their barracks .
the defense minister in guatemala where #,### military police are staging a mutiny over demobilization conditions , pledged saturday not to attack the rebels as long as they stayed inside their barracks .
malaysia 's national power giant tenaga nasional bhd is considering investing in power projects in bosnia-hercegovina , india and the philippines , executive chairman ahmad tajuddin ali said sunday .
a malaysian high court has allowed the wife of an appeals court judge to file an application to jail a correspondent of the far eastern economic review for alleged contempt of court over an article in the magazine , a report said sunday .
malaysia 's second national airline , airasia sdn bhd , is seeking government approval to expand operations to china , india and indonesia , and later to europe and west asia , reports said sunday .
a government minister conceded sunday it was inevitable australia will become a republic as prime minister john howard comes under growing criticism for adopting a `` go-slow '' stance on the issue .
malaysia on sunday sought the help of local employers in flushing out an estimated one million illegal workers , after arresting some #,### in an intense blitz a day earlier .
china denounced as `` <unk> '' sunday a recent national conference in taiwan that called for limiting future investment in the mainland while seeking a peace pact between the two rivals .
three men were killed sunday in a fresh bout of hindu-moslem religious violence in southern india , taking the death toll since the murder of a moslem leader five days ago to seven , police said .
taipei is to impose a curfew on teenagers under ## years old from midnight sunday , the mayor of taiwan 's capital city , chen shiu-bian , announced sunday .
french president jacques chirac left paris early sunday for moscow for talks with russian president boris yeltsin , the president 's office announced .
a right-wing member of parliament sparked an uproar sunday by proposing that legislation be passed to ensure that only jews can become israel 's prime minister .
the death toll in heavy fighting between tamil tiger guerrillas and the army in northeastern sri lanka rose to at least ## sunday , as the air force was mobilised to help battle the rebels , officials said .
taiwan is to gradually lift a travel ban on chinese tourists to promote cross-strait civilian exchanges , the china times reported sunday .
king fahd of saudi arabia and president ali abdallah saleh of yemen said they were determined to resolve a ##-year-old desert border dispute as soon as possible , official sources said sunday .
the number of convicts on death row in the philippines is expected to hit ### by the end of this year , a senior senator said sunday .
the bangladesh share market saw an outflow of ### million us dollars of foreign capital during a boom three months last year , against an inflow of only ## million , newspapers reported here sunday .
macau governor general vasco rocha vieira said he was `` cautiously optimistic '' about the portuguese enclave 's future economic development , it was reported sunday .
taipei is to impose a curfew on teenagers under ## years old from midnight sunday , the mayor of taiwan 's capital city , chen shui-bian , announced sunday .
residents of two opposition held areas in central afghanistan have risen up against a key figure in the anti-taliban alliance and disarmed his men , the taliban militia claimed sunday .
corsica was rocked by more than ## minor bomb attacks overnight , which were directed at banks and other public buildings , police said sunday .
ghinva bhutto , widow of the slain brother of deposed pakistani premier benazir bhutto , claimed sunday her party would emerge as a new political force in monday 's pakistan elections .
the philippines will no longer be subject to international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- monitoring of its economy as of later this year , finance secretary roberto de ocampo said here sunday .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- is to provide china with #.# billion dollars in loans over the next three years , mainly for projects in the country 's central and western regions , a central bank official has said .
four people died sunday in a pre-dawn fire which destroyed part of one of taiwan 's oldest shopping malls , police said .
the egyptian authorities will set free #,### prisoners , including ### who have repented , to mark eid al-fitr which ends the moslem holy fasting month of ramadan later this week , a government daily said sunday .
japanese prime minister ryutaro hashimoto returned home sunday after holding talks with peruvian president alberto fujimori on the six - week-old hostage crisis in lima , officials said .
an expected rush of foreign money into china 's gold mines has failed to materialise , state media reported sunday .
an attack by the peruvian army on the japanese ambassador 's residence in lima `` would be tragic for the captive gentlemen , '' rebel leader nestor cerpa <unk> warned in interviews published sunday .
anti-dumping sanctions levelled against china by overseas governments are `` unfair '' and based on inaccurate assumptions about pricing in the country 's domestic market , a trade official was quoted sunday as saying .
anti-dumping sanctions levelled against china by overseas governments are `` unfair '' and based on inaccurate assumptions about pricing in the country 's domestic market , a trade official was quoted sunday as saying .
the south african government may reopen the inquest into the death of charismatic black leader steve biko , justice minister dullah omar told the sunday independent , after several <unk> confessed to the killing .
egypt 's higher constitutional court has ruled that the country 's privatisation drive does not violate the constitution , dismissing a legal claim made in may by opposition groups , the government press said sunday .
a court order suspending the transfer of manila 's waterworks and sewerage system to private hands will hurt the philippines ' image overseas , a senior official said here sunday .
the kenyan opposition and church leaders are up in arms over kenyan president daniel arap moi 's move to invoke the public security act to combat famine currently gripping the country , the kenyan press reported on sunday .
analysts here on sunday dismissed kuwaiti and us reports of an immediate military threat from iraqi president saddam hussein .
the latest round of trade talks between taiwan and the united states under the framework of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- have become deadlocked over farm issues , the leader of the taiwan delegation said sunday .
christian missionaries are masquerading as consultants and businessmen to infiltrate islamic countries in southeast asia and spread their faith , a us-based islamic center claimed in a report here sunday .
the israeli army is strongly opposed to government plans to hold a military parade in #### to mark the ##th anniversary of the founding of the jewish state , the haaretz newspaper reported sunday .
iraqi president saddam hussein 's eldest son uday was shown sunday in his hospital bed smiling and speaking to a visitor from qatar as he recovered from a december assassination attempt .
flamboyant <unk> politician imran khan sunday dismissed suggestions that he could play the role of a kingmaker in case of a hung parliament in monday 's general election .
an attack by the peruvian army on the japanese ambassador 's residence in lima `` would be tragic for the captive gentlemen , '' rebel leader nestor cerpa <unk> warned in interviews published sunday .
the middle east is set to dominate the agenda at davos again sunday , the fourth day of a forum where world political and economics bigwigs gather to brainstorm new ideas .
labor would reintroduce school uniform because it contributes to discipline , shadow education secretary david blunkett said on sunday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak said here sunday that full implementation of the landmark hebron accord was a prerequisite for luring syria and lebanon back into the peace process .
the private surgeon of cuban president fidel castro is expected in baghdad to treat iraqi president saddam hussein 's son uday , wounded in a december assassination attempt , iraqi sources said here sunday .
corsica was rocked by ## minor bomb attacks overnight , targetting banks and other public buildings , police said sunday .
hospitals and clinics in metropolitan manila are dumping #.# tonnes of infectious waste into the capital 's main river each day , a presidential palace statement said here sunday .
champion west indies batsman brian lara sunday accused australian players of `` sledging '' during the second day of the fifth and final cricket test here .
champion west indies batsman brian lara sunday accused australian players of `` sledging '' during the second day of the fifth and final cricket test here .
corsica was rocked by ## minor bomb attacks overnight , targetting banks and other public buildings , police said sunday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak said here sunday that full implementation of the landmark hebron accord was a prerequisite for luring syria and lebanon back into the peace process .
deposed premier benazir bhutto renewing accusations of plans for vote rigging in monday 's polls , appealed sunday for the pakistan army chief to ensure free and fair elections .
a disputed road running through the heart of the israeli sector of the west bank city of hebron is to be opened to traffic for the first time in three years on monday , palestinian sources said .
aslan maskhadov won january ## presidential elections in chechnya with just under ## percent of the vote , according to final figures announced sunday by the electoral commission .
jordanian prime minister abdel karim kabariti accused syria of seeking to thwart jordan 's role in the peace process , adding that jordanian help with the hebron accord particularly angered the syrians , the press said sunday .
the top court in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has given a filipino convicted of murder five weeks to seek clemency from the victim 's relatives or face execution , court sources said on sunday .
kuwait 's highest body for petroleum strategy has approved the sale of ## petrol filling stations , marking the first stage in a broader privatisation of the local distribution network , a report said sunday .
a number of eurostar train journey times , which were extended because of november 's channel tunnel fire , returned to normal on sunday a spokesman for eurostar said .
deposed premier benazir bhutto renewing accusations of plans for vote rigging in monday 's polls , appealed sunday for the pakistan army chief to ensure free and fair elections .
french president jacques chirac arrived in moscow on sunday for talks with his russian counterpart boris yeltsin that are likely to focus on plans for nato enlargement .
a young british artist was so desperate to get exhibited in a major venue he slipped one of his sculptures into the tate gallery , where it remained on display for an hour before staff noticed .
french president jacques chirac met his ailing russian counterpart boris yeltsin on sunday for talks that were expected to focus on plans for nato enlargement .
sinn fein president gerry adams renewed on sunday a challenge to british prime minister john major to mount a fresh inquiry into the events of `` bloody sunday '' .
sudanese rebels will open new fronts in their offensive against the khartoum government despite international mediation efforts to end the fighting , opposition leader sadiq al-mahdi said sunday .
two more parties sunday expressed fear of rigging in monday 's general elections after deposed premier benazir bhutto urged army chief to ensure free and fair polls .
authorities disposed of two pipe bombs mailed in a single package to a federal worker in chula vista , california , cnn television said sunday .
diplomats and un employees have been robbing iraq of its ancient artifacts and selling them to a european and iraqi smuggling ring , an antiquities official charged here sunday .
a two-man team from germany on saturday won first prize at the kiruna snow festival in northern sweden for their abstract snow sculpture , organisers said on sunday .
pakistan , which won independence on august ## , #### from britain , will hold its seventh general elections since #### on monday .
hundreds of people on sunday converged on a mountain monastery in cyprus after worshippers said they saw tears welling from the eyes of a madonna and child in a ##th century icon , local radio said .
lebanese national carrier middle east airlines said sunday it will launch its `` new look '' with the inaugural flight on monday of one of four recently leased airbus ###s .
russian president boris yeltsin and his french counterpart jacques chirac ended formal talks lasting more than an hour sunday but later continued their discussions on european security at a working dinner , interfax news agency reported .
peru 's president alberto fujimori said <unk> rebels `` implicitly '' have dropped their demand that his government release more than ### of their jailed comrades , the washington post reported sunday .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said after a meeting here with palestinian president yasser arafat that the two leaders would meet thursday at the erez -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- crossing to discuss specific issues .
a pakistani high court sunday summoned political party leaders benazir bhutto , nawaz sharif and imran khan on a petition seeking to have them barred from public office , court officials said .
thai paramilitary forces sunday fought a gunbattle with members of a breakaway ethnic karen group which crossed the into thailand from burma , thai television said .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said after a meeting here sunday with palestinain leader yasser arafat that the two men would meet again thursday at the erez crossing to discuss specific issues .
the united nations is to make a formal complaint to the cyprus government after protesters hurled abuse at the un 's top military commander on the island , the official cna news agency said on sunday .
thai paramilitary forces sunday fought a gunbattle with members of a breakaway ethnic karen group which crossed the into thailand from burma , thai television said .
former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic warned of a new war in bosnia if the disputed town of brcko is not ceded to the serbs , a greek daily paper reported sunday .
president boris yeltsin , still recovering from double pneumonia , held talks focusing on european security issues and russia 's concern about nato expansion with his french counterpart jacques chirac near moscow on sunday .
former chinese defense minister qin jiwei , a vice chairman of the parliament 's powerful standing committee , died sunday , the official xinhua news agency reported .
pakistan , which won independence on august ## , #### , from britain , will hold its seventh general elections since #### on monday .
india beefed up security in the northern state of punjab sunday following a bomb blast near its capital city saturday , six days ahead of local elections .
the publication of documents this week showing that members of south africa 's african national congress were warned about the murder of popular communist party leader chris hani in #### have sent tremors through the party .
a leading moslem cleric in egypt whose remarks last week about about limiting the role of women sparked an uproar stoked the flames on sunday by saying women should stay at home .
following a century-old tradition in this tiny town , a groundhog emerged sunday for a weather forecast watched by thousands .
the french far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- party sought to seize political control of another french city sunday as voters went to the polls in a municipal by-election in southern france .
british defense secretary michael portillo arrived here sunday for a two-day visit focusing on european security and the special relationship kiev wants to establish with nato before the alliance 's key summit in july .
pakistan 's president farooq ahmed leghari sunday pledged a prompt transfer of power `` within days '' after the polls , calling on the nation to elect a leadership capable of tackling national problems .
international food group danone of france on sunday completed a deal to buy a ## percent stake in israel 's strauss dairy company , officials said .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said he wanted to boost the flow of palestinian trade through israel as one way of pumping up the area 's prosperity , which in turn would aid the peace process .
the caribbean community has edged a bit closer to ending the days of the uk privy council as members ' final place of legal appeal .
president boris yeltsin said he had found much common ground on european security with his french counterpart jacques chirac after talks near moscow sunday which lasted an hour longer than planned , a kremlin spokesman told reporters .
two people were seriously wounded in a gun battle between two rival ethnic factions on the eve of general elections here sunday , police and party sources said .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said after a meeting here with palestinian president yasser arafat that the two leaders would meet thursday at the erez crossing to discuss specific issues .
five people , including two young girls , were killed and ## injured when they were crushed by crowds at the entrance to a mosque in western iran , according to witnesses and official reports on sunday .
pope john paul ii said sunday that a missionary had been killed in rwanda while celebrating mass .
a pro-iranian shiite faction sunday rushed fresh troops to protect its stronghold north of kabul , as the taliban militia continued to seize more territory in afghanistan .
an anti-tank rocket smashed on sunday into the wall of a prison south of copenhagen slightly wounding an inmate , a member of the bandidos biker gang , the police said .
president bill clinton will unveil a budget thursday calling for ## billion dollars in tax cuts over six years , white house chief of staff erskine bowles told cbs television sunday .
sudanese rebels fighting the islamic regime in khartoum plan to open up new fronts despite international mediation efforts to end the fighting , a rebel leader claimed .
president bill clinton will unveil a budget thursday calling for ## billion dollars in tax cuts over six years , white house chief of staff erskine bowles told cbs television sunday .
the families of the ## victims of `` bloody sunday '' , killed when british troops fired on civilian demonstrators ## years ago , led thousands of people on sunday in londonderry in a march to commemorate the tragedy .
five people , including two young girls , were killed and ## injured when they were crushed by a crowd at the entrance to a mosque in western iran , according to witnesses and official reports on sunday .
a disputed road running through the heart of the israeli sector of the west bank city of hebron is to be opened to traffic for the first time in three years on monday , palestinian sources said .
a lack of fuel may have caused the plane crash at yola airport which killed five people and injured several others , press reports here said sunday .
the father of caroline dickinson , the british schoolgirl raped and murdered while on a school trip to northern france last summer , spoke out sunday in criticism of the french police inquiry into the killing .
anti-government demonstrations went ahead in tirana and two other regions in albania sunday despite a ban imposed by the authorities earlier in the day .
president bill clinton will unveil a budget this week calling for ## billion dollars in tax cuts over six years , white house chief of staff erskine bowles told cbs television sunday .
bulgaria 's ruling socialists on sunday proposed forming a `` broad coalition government '' , implicitly giving in to opposition demands for early elections .
bulgaria 's ruling socialists on sunday proposed forming a `` broad coalition government '' , implicitly giving in to opposition demands for early elections .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu heralded a `` new attitude '' in the middle east peace process on sunday announcing a meeting with the palestinian president to discuss implementation of the hebron accord .
in the latest case of the far-right allegedly clamping down on culture , a theater boss in southern france said sunday he had been sacked after a row with the national <unk> city council .
tens of thousands of protestors marched through this town sunday calling for jobs at the bankrupt forges de clabecq steel group to be saved .
president bill clinton this week tries to get back on the political offensive with his state of the union address and a budget plan aimed at wiping out the deficit in five years .
five people , including two young girls , were killed and ## injured when they were crushed by a crowd at the entrance to a mosque in western iran , according to witnesses and official reports on sunday .
more than ## years after he fled into exile and two weeks after he died in the united states , thousands of mourners attended the funeral sunday of crown prince assefa <unk> , son of ethiopia 's last emperor , haile selassie .
a jewish leader said sunday that french jews welcome an official probe into the fate of goods seized from holocaust victims during world war ii , but are not seeking financial reparations .
us assistant secretary of state for european and canadian affairs john kornblum met here sunday with bosnian serb leader momcilo krajisnik .
us secretary of state madeleine albright spoke on the phone sunday with jordanian prime minister abdel karim kabariti concerning king hussein 's efforts in promoting the middle east peace process , officials said .
the far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- won the first round of a municipal by-election in southern france sunday , but the ballot was set to go to a second round , according to partial results .
the far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- won the first round of a municipal by-election in southern france sunday , as it sought to seize political control of another french city , partial results said .
two french airforce officers died sunday after stepping on a <unk> shell left in the battlefield region of <unk> , police said .
seven people were killed overnight saturday in a locality close to <unk> , around ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- south of algiers , security forces said .
a us diplomat met sunday with the bosnian serb president amid warnings from her predecessor , radovan karadzic , that the serbs are prepared to go back to war over a disputed town .
a serbian opposition leader said sunday that if the opposition came to power it would not surrender three yugoslav army officers accused of war crimes unless croatia made a similar gesture .
riot police late sunday prevented an opposition leader and several thousand supporters from marching into downtown belgrade for a nightly anti-government rally , an independent radio station reported .
the franco-german aerospace company eurocopter on sunday launched onto the market its new light helicopter manufactured , the <unk> , jointly with china and singapore .
the far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- was poised sunday to win control of a fourth french city after it just failed to win an outright majority in municipal by-election in southern france .
glen rice scored ## points and the charlotte hornets beat new york ##-## here sunday , snapping the knicks ' ##-game home win streak .
the european union commissioner for humanitarian aid , emma bonino , denounced sunday what she called the `` international scandal '' in which some ###,### refugees have been virtually left to their fate .
the far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- was poised sunday to win control of a fourth french town after it just failed to win an outright majority in a municipal by-election in southern france .
two weeks ahead of a potentially explosive decision by a us-led arbitration panel , former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic has warned of a new war in bosnia if the disputed town of brcko is not awarded to the serbs , a greek daily reported sunday .
riot police armed with clubs and water cannon , brutally cleared serbian opposition demonstrators from a bridge leading into central belgrade late sunday , the <unk> b-## radio reported .
kuwait said sunday it was taking `` preventive measures '' to head off any military threat from iraq , following reports of iraqi troop movements near the border .
japan 's toyota motor corp. will suffer a sizeable output cut for at least a week after a fire at its aisin seiki co. affiliate plant , the nihon keizai shimbun said monday .
a car wired with enough explosives to cause a `` catastrophic '' blast was disarmed sunday in vallejo , california , and a suspect in a recent spate of bombings in the town was arrested , police said .
the us dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading monday , up from ###.## yen in new york late friday and compared with ###.##-## yen here late friday .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
seventeen bodies out of ## people killed when an air senegal aircraft carrying mainly french tourists crashed in southeastern senegal on saturday have been identified , officials said late sunday .
conservatives held on to power in the tiny principality of liechtenstein in general elections sunday in which the only surprise was the ##.# scored by the ecologists .
an anti-tank rocket smashed on sunday into the wall of a prison south of copenhagen slightly wounding an inmate , a member of the bandidos biker gang , the police said .
peru 's president alberto fujimori met here sunday with us drug czar barry mccaffrey , who commended lima on progress in reducing the coca crop .
several south african women who supplied official documents when they applied for jobs , later found themselves `` married '' without their knowledge to illegal asian immigrants , it was reported here .
police withdrew early monday from the streets of belgrade after brutally dispersing several thousand opposition supporters who had tried to cross a bridge to the city center , the independent b-## radio station reported .
gold opened lower here monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the chinese government has banned the use of symbols of the state or the communist party in advertisements , a report said monday .
share prices were lower on the tokyo stock exchange on monday morning , with the nikkei stock average falling ###.## points , or #.# percent , to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
polling started monday amid massive security in pakistan 's general elections , called after dismissal of benazir bhutto 's government three months ago .
pakistanis went to the polls amid massive security on monday in general elections called after the dismissal of benazir bhutto 's government for alleged corruption and misrule three months ago .
japan 's canon inc. said monday it expected parent pre-tax profit for #### to be higher than its earlier forecast of ### billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- due to strong sales of printers .
japan 's nikon corp. said monday it would cut production of <unk> to between ### and ### units in the year to march #### from ### units this financial year .
north korea on monday sounded the alarm on its food situation , saying grain shortages will reach a `` <unk> level '' in the near future .
north korea on monday sounded the alarm on its food situation , saying grain shortages will reach a `` <unk> level '' in the near future .
japanese prime minister ryutaro hashimoto said monday he had succeeded in persuading peruvian president alberto fujimori not to use force to resolve the six-week hostage crisis in lima .
australia will stage the presidents cup golf tournament as it leaves the united states for the first time next year bringing a host of world dignitaries with it , prime minister john howard said monday .
foreign minister don mckinnon was monday clearly surprised but made no formal comment after nobel peace prize winner jose ramos horta from east timor said new zealand `` should drop dead .
hong kong welcomed monday the new four-year bilateral textile agreement reached between china and the united states that was widely seen as beneficial to the territory .
germany has turned to new zealand for inspiration to solve its labor market problems , german economy minister guenter rexrodt said in a speech here monday .
ecuadoran president abdala bucaram said sunday he would support a national strike called against his government , and announced he would reshuffle his cabinet .
thousands of british expatriates in hong kong have quit the territory ahead of the july # handover to china , according to official figures quoted monday by a hong kong daily .
japan 's toyota motor corp. may face a production cut after a weekend fire at a brake parts plant of its affiliate aisin seiki co. .
at least ## people have died and ### others have been hospitalised in an outbreak of dengue fever on the island of madura , off east java , a report said monday .
a car-bomb went off overnight in the basque city of san sebastian in northwestern spain , causing damage but no casualties , police said .
at least ## people , including several journalists , were injured sunday night in belgrade when hundreds of riot police broke up a protest by opposition pro-democracy demonstrators , the b-## independent radio reported monday .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent monday to their highest close in nearly seven years , brokers said .
philippine share prices rose #.# percent to their third consecutive record high close on monday amid signs that foreign investment was starting to return .
indonesia has threatened to walk out of a foreign ministers ' meeting between asean and the european union here next week if portugal raises the east timor issue , a singapore official said monday .
britain and china were at loggerheads monday at the start of a new round of talks on the transfer of hong kong 's archives .
japan 's hitachi ltd. said monday it was studying setting up a joint venture with china national nuclear corp. to build equipment for nuclear power plants .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close in almost seven years monday as investors hunted for bargains .
deposed prime minister benazir bhutto cast her vote in general elections at a polling station in a small village school near here monday and renewed charges that the polls would be manipulated by the president .
philippine share prices rose #.# percent as foreign funds powered the market index to its third consecutive record high close on monday .
britain will not be ready for the launch of the european single currency in #### , prime minister john major said in an interview published monday in the french daily le figaro .
sri lanka 's consumer prices in january rose by #.## percent from december and ##.## percent from a year earlier , the census and statistics department said monday .
a merchant bank executive was granted bail by a court here monday after he appeared on charges of insider trading in tnt ltd. options prior to a two billion australian dollar -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- takeover bid for the transport giant last year .
serbian riot police brutally dispersed thousands of opposition supporters here overnight in the most savage police operation since the start two months ago of peaceful mass demonstrations against the autocratic rule of president slobodan milosevic .
malaysian airline system bhd. 's stock price is expected to stabilise due to strong government support after a catalogue of bad news for the company , analysts said monday .
malaysia 's government is to amend laws in march to enable owners and managers of nightclubs to be prosecuted if drugs are found on their premises , reports said monday .
offshore investment by sprawling south korean companies topped #.# billion dollars in #### , with asian nations most favored for their cheap labor pools , the finance and economy ministry said monday .
four people on election duty in pakistan were killed and nine others injured when a van carrying them collided with a truck near here , police said monday .
indonesian authorities are to start building a #.# billion dollar <unk> road and railway project in july to overcome jakarta 's transport problems , a report said monday .
south korea 's parliament failed to open monday for a scheduled debate on a loan scandal surrounding the hanbo group and the proposed revision of a controversial new labor law .
serbian riot police brutally dispersed thousands of opposition supporters here overnight in the most savage police operation since the start two months ago of peaceful mass demonstrations against the autocratic rule of president slobodan milosevic .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- eased #.# percent monday amid weakness in blue-chip stocks , brokers said .
south korea on monday softened its tough stance against taiwan and called for a `` quiet diplomatic solution '' in a row over the island 's controversial nuclear waste deal with north korea .
deposed pakistani premier benazir bhutto termed as `` baseless '' a british newspaper report that she would settle in britain if defeated in parliamentary elections on monday .
singapore-based multimedia firm creative technology ltd. 's share price soared monday after the company posted a record quarterly performance , confirming a turnaround in its fortunes .
the dollar eased against the yen in mid-afternoon trading here monday , pressured by concerns that the bank of japan might intervene to put a brake on the us currency 's gains .
thai share prices slumped #.# percent in morning trading monday with sentiment undermined by concerns about the baht , analysts said .
a confrontation between officials and street hawkers in the west java city of bandung shut down shops and a curfew was enforced in kalimantan as indonesian authorities dealt with public unrest , reports said monday .
shanghai will spend ## million yuan -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in the next five years to help keep the city on its feet ... literally .
burmese government troops were chased out of thai territory by ethnic karen fighters defending refugees camps on this side of the border on two occasions over the weekend , karen sources said monday .
canadian mining companies barrick gold corp. and placer dome are competing for public favor as they seek a stake in a major indonesian gold project .
a ##-year-old indian allegedly battered his father and his aunt to death because they were carrying out an incestuous relationship , newspapers reported monday .
the bank of east asia ltd. said monday net profits rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to #.### billion hong kong dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in #### .
police and security forces further strengthened security in the heavily guarded sri lankan capital colombo ahead of the independence anniversary on tuesday , officials said .
india 's election commission has ordered a liquor crackdown following complaints that candidates campaigning for punjab 's state elections are attempting to win votes with free alcohol , officials said monday .
a merchant banker appeared in court here monday charged in connection with irregular tnt ltd options trading prior to a two billion australian dollar -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- takeover bid for the transport giant last year .
japan 's toshiba corp. said monday it had launched a desktop card issuing machine that combines integrated circuit -lrb- ic -rrb- programming , magnetic strip encoding , and text and color image printing in a single unit .
winning candidates in pakistan 's general elections on monday could lose their parliamentary seats if they failed to declare their assets correctly under a new law , officials said .
malaysian construction conglomerate renong bhd. , has clinched a ### - <unk> -lrb- ### million us dollar -rrb- contract to build a highway from bangalore to mysore in india , a report said monday .
cricketer-turned-politician imran khan abstained from voting in pakistan 's elections monday because of the sudden withdrawal of his party 's lone candidate in his native town of <unk> , party sources said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on monday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by profit taking after gains made the previous week , brokers said .
an indian communist party increased pressure on the government monday to publish the names of officials who allegedly took bribes to help seal a controversial #.#-billion-dollar arms deal .
japanese share prices fell back on monday , with the key market gauge closing #.# percent lower on profit taking following the previous week 's gains , brokers said .
policies guiding the use of foreign investment in china will be adjusted to benefit priority sectors and poor regions , the official press announced monday .
the rand surged against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at #.#### \/ #.#### to the greenback compared to friday 's weekend close of #.#### \/ ## .
south korea 's samsung electronics co. , -lrb- sec -rrb- , the world 's largest memory microchip maker , said monday it aimed to lift sales ## percent to ##.# billion dollars this year amid an improving outlook for semiconductors .
the philippines ' supreme court on monday rendered void the sale of a majority stake in the historic manila hotel to renong bhd. of malaysia , court officials said .
a disputed street running through the heart of hebron 's jewish enclave was partially reopened to palestinian traffic on monday for the first time in three years despite angry complaints from israeli settlers in the city .
french prime minister alain juppe said monday that only legal political groups should participate in elections in algeria .
the french government plans to inject one billion francs -lrb- about ### million dollars -rrb- to help create jobs for the country 's youth , prime minister alain juppe said monday in a radio interview .
an <unk> paging services joint venture said monday it plans to double its business in india , even as rivals are offering free pagers to boost their subscriber base .
president bill clinton this week unveils a budget proposal offering nearly ### billion dollars in tax relief over the next six years and calling for the elimination of the federal deficit by #### .
share prices closed #.# percent firmer on the korea stock exchange monday , helped by a rally among blue chips , dealers said .
the philippines ' supreme court on monday rendered void the sale of a ## percent stake in the historic manila hotel to renong overseas corp. .
hong kong 's share prices closed #.# percent higher on monday on bargain hunting in financial and property stocks after a series of declines , dealers said .
hong kong 's share prices rose #.# percent on monday on bargain hunting in financial and property stocks after a series of declines , dealers said .
thai consumer prices rose #.# percent year-on-year in january , compared with a #.#-percent increase in december , the commerce ministry said monday .
australian share prices closed #.# percent firmer monday as investors bought banking stocks amid expectations of a cut in interest rates , brokers said .
saudi arabia has agreed to help build an islamic cultural center in east jerusalem and provide interest-free mortgages to arab residents of the israeli-annexed sector of the city , official palestinian sources said monday .
a polling agent of the ethnic-based mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- was beaten to death and several others were injured in election related violence monday , police and hospital sources said .
australian share prices closed #.# percent firmer monday as investors bought banking stocks amid expectations of a cut in interest rates , brokers said .
gold closed lower here monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
south korean prosecutors on monday stepped up a probe into the alleged corrupt involvement of politicians and government officials in a stormy financial scandal over the debt-stricken hanbo group .
the dollar was top heavy against the yen in tokyo trading monday , pressured by concerns that the bank of japan might intervene to put a brake on the us currency 's gains .
indonesia 's pt bakrie and brothers said monday it plans to sell its ## percent stake in coal firm pt <unk> indonesia to raise ## million dollars for its core businesses .
philippine share prices rose #.# percent as foreign funds powered the market index to its third consecutive record high close on monday .
share prices closed #.# percent firmer on the korea stock exchange monday , helped by a bluechip rally , dealers said .
a school in northern uganda has called on its students to be tested for hiv and other venereal diseases before they are readmitted next term , the independent monitor newspaper reported on monday .
hong kong 's real gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- growth rose in the three months to september to #.# percent year-on-year from #.# percent the previous quarter , official data said monday .
south korea on monday launched its first english-language news and culture tv channel , named `` arirang '' after the haunting korean folk song of the same name .
japan 's transport ministry announced monday that five companies including a foreign concern had won bids to redevelop part of a former railway facility in central <unk> .
embattled ecuadoran president abdala bucaram said sunday that he would support a national strike against his government later this week and promised to reshuffle his cabinet .
zairean president mobutu sese seko left southern france monday for rabat where he is to meet this week with king hassan ii .
the philippines ' supreme court on monday rendered void the sale of a ## percent stake in the historic manila hotel to renong overseas corp. .
the economic forum uniting government and business decision-makers here steps back onto digital track on its fifth day monday , after a weekend of intense middle eastern politicking .
taiwan and the united states remained divided monday after four days of talks aimed at smoothing the island state 's entry into the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- , trade officials said .
the price of shares in veba and rwe fell in early trading here on monday on fears that the british group cable and wireless might leave an alliance with the two groups .
at least ## children have died of measles this year in the philippines and more than a thousand have been admitted to one government hospital alone in manila , health secretary carmencita reodica said monday .
nordbanken and <unk> banken have been unable to agree on merger terms , the two banks said in a terse statement on monday .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan denied rumors monday of a possible devaluation of the baht as currency markets stabilised and stock prices on the thai bourse plummeted .
the indonesian army will soon take delivery of ## french-made armored fighting vehicles , a report said monday .
the indonesian army will soon take delivery of ## french-made armored fighting vehicles , a report said monday .
south korean prosecutors on monday stepped up a probe into the alleged corrupt involvement of politicians and government officials in a stormy financial scandal over the debt-stricken hanbo group .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher monday on buying of selected finance stocks despite a broadly lower market ahead of the festive season , brokers said .
thai share prices slumped #.# percent monday as sentiment was undermined by concerns about the baht , analysts said .
three children were killed in two grenade blasts near this southern philippine city after they stole the devices and turned them into toys , police said monday .
share prices here fell slightly early on monday in line with losses on wall street late on friday , dealers said .
a party activist of former prime minister nawaz sharif was killed and seven others injured in an armed clash with rivals in the punjab city of gujrat monday , police said .
taiwan and the united states remained divided monday after four days of talks aimed at smoothing the island 's state 's entry into the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , trade officials said .
a rift between the indian government and japan 's suzuki motor corp. over control of the country 's largest car manufacturer widened monday .
bulgaria 's opposition rejected monday a proposal from the ruling socialists to join it in a coalition government while a transport strike paralyzed sofia .
palestinian leader yasser arafat wants dozens of outstanding issues settled with israel before the `` final-status '' talks which are due to start by mid-march .
a japanese minister reiterated monday that schoolchildren should be taught about government brothels so they can better understand why women were forced to work as prostitutes for the military .
french foreign minister herve de charette said monday he would invite the three leaders of the yugoslav opposition to paris as soon as possible , and strongly condemned police action against protestors in belgrade .
share prices closed #.# percent lower on the jakarta stock exchange on monday following profit-taking on selected blue chips .
pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi alleged monday that a burmese government minister had encouraged junta supporters to murder her .
five people , two of them children , were killed when their car hit a landmine on a road in northern uganda , a state-owned daily reported monday , blaming anti-government rebels .
share prices closed #.# percent lower on the jakarta stock exchange on monday following profit-taking on selected blue chips .
at least ## people were killed on monday when two trains collided in southern egypt between the tourist towns of aswan and luxor , the egyptian news agency mena said .
two people were killed monday in continuing hindu-moslem riots in southern india , taking the death toll since the murder of a moslem leader six days ago to nine , police said .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan denied rumors monday of a possible devaluation of the baht as currency markets stabilised and prices on the thai bourse slumped to their lowest close in almost five years .
malaysia 's government on monday announced an immediate ##-million - dollar plan to expand roads , build underground bypasses and overhead bridges to ease kuala lumpur 's traffic jams .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher monday on buying of selected finance stocks despite a broadly lower market ahead of the festive season , brokers said .
the palestinian legislative council will begin building this year a new temporary headquarters on the outskirts of jerusalem , where they hope to set up eventually , the council leader said monday .
alcatel alsthom is in talks about selling part of its holding of ##.# percent in havas , the fifth-biggest communications group in the world , alcatel said on monday .
alcatel alsthom is talking to the future <unk> group about buying ## percent of thomson-csf which the state wants to privatise , alcatel said on monday , confirming a newspaper report .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu arrived monday in rome for an audience with pope john paul ii and meetings with italian leaders .
five people , two of them children , were killed when their car hit a landmine on a road in northern uganda , a state-owned daily reported monday , blaming anti-government rebels .
two people were killed as violence flared in two pakistani cities on monday when voters went to the polls to elect a new national assembly , police and hospital sources said .
zairean rebel leader laurent-desire kabila , whose forces hold much of eastern zaire , gave the government until february ## to start negotiations or face a general offensive , a spokesman said monday .
thai share prices slumped #.# percent monday to a ##-month low as market sentiment was undermined by worries about the baht , analysts said .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel condemned the police attack on demonstrators in belgrade late sunday as `` a heavy blow against democracy and non-violence '' .
taiwan 's defense ministry monday denied its soldiers had shot dead a chinese fisherman .
malaysia 's securities commission monday unveiled measures to strengthen the regulatory framework for unit trusts , calling for enhanced disclosures to better protect investors .
volvo bus is to invest ### milllion kronor -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in a new factory at bangalore in south west india , the company said on monday in the second such announcement about development in the city .
french prime minister alain juppe on monday ruled out reshuffling his government , saying there was no need as government policy was giving good results .
the central african republic 's new prime minister was due to be sworn in monday in the latest step of an african-brokered national reconciliation pact that ended an army mutiny that broke out last november .
former indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , facing a string of corruption charges , won his first legal battle here monday when charges that he used official aircraft for personal use were dismissed .
japanese share prices fell monday while most other major asia-pacific bourses rallied on bargain hunting and positive domestic news , brokers said .
chinese authorities underlined monday their commitment to deepening the country 's `` strike hard '' anti-crime campaign , which has witnessed some #,### executions since its launch in april last year .
indian troops offered moslem separatist militants a week-long truce in the troubled state of kashmir during the eid-ul-fitr festival , a top army official said monday .
the dollar firmed here early on monday amid market expectations that interest rates might rise in the united states in response to unexpectedly strong us gdp data which was published on friday .
the trials of some ## people suspected of taking part in massacres that followed a #### abortive tutsi-led military coup in which burundi 's first hutu president was killed could begin next march , the justice minister said monday .
polling in pakistan 's general elections closed monday at the official #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- deadline after nine hours marked by low turnout .
pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi alleged monday that a burmese government minister had encouraged junta supporters to murder her .
at least ## children have died of measles in the philippines in the past month alone and more than #,### are in a government hospital , health officials said monday .
jakarta 's ethnic chinese community was asked monday not to make any overt <unk> to celebrate the chinese new year following a series of attacks on chinese and christian properties by moslem mobs .
malaysian-based <unk> bhd. said monday it would participate in infrastructure projects worth more than ### million ringgit -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the new government administrative center of putra jaya , outside the federal capital kuala lumpur .
philippine shopping mall operator sm prime holdings inc. said monday it would build a shopping mall later this year on a #.#-hectare -lrb- <unk> -rrb- property across the street from the manila city hall .
a new political alliance was launched monday as the formerly communist cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- sealed a cooperation pact with the country 's fourth-largest party .
a new political alliance was launched monday as the formerly communist cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- sealed a cooperation pact with the country 's fourth-largest party .
at least ## people were killed and several others injured on monday when two trains collided in southern egypt between the tourist towns of aswan and luxor , the egyptian news agency mena said .
india 's largest development bank , the state-owned industrial development bank of india -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , said here monday it was planning a major restructuring , including offices overseas , to meet growing competition as the indian economy opens up .
a rare piece of tokyo land came under the auctioneer 's hammer monday with four japanese companies and a singaporean company bidding ###.# billion yen -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- for part of a former railway yard .
a major fire swept through a book fair in calcutta , india 's cultural capital , here monday but there were no immediate reports of casualties , witnesses said .
president lee teng-hui monday urged germany to sell submarines to this nationalist island to help ensure stability in the taiwan strait .
malaysia 's government on monday announced an immediate ##-million - dollar plan to expand roads , build underground bypasses and overhead bridges to ease the city 's chronic traffic jams .
a growing number of communist party cadres are turning to fortune - tellers for advice , and using their senior positions to get free consultations , the guangming daily reported monday .
indonesia 's coffee production in #### rose to ###,### tonnes , of which the bulk was exported , a coffee executive said monday .
a us consortium led by texaco inc. is to build a ### million-dollar , ###-megawatt power plant near manila , the philippine government 's board of investments said monday .
a parliamentary committee is pushing for the segregation of men and women at concerts , fashion shows and other forms of public entertainment in kuwait , the arab times newspaper reported on monday .
australian captain mark taylor described champion west indies batsman brian lara as an `` antagonist '' after the west indies beat australia by ## wickets in an incident-packed fifth cricket test here monday .
a major fire swept through a prestigious book fair in calcutta here monday as thousands of visitors ran for safety , witnesses said .
eleven people were killed and about a dozen others injured when two trains crashed in southern egypt between the tourist towns of aswan and luxor on monday , police said .
french prime minister alain juppe moved on monday to try to prevent the extreme right national front from winning control of a fourth french city after it came top on sunday in the first round of a municipal by-election here .
a blast caused by a small explosive device caused damage but no casualties at a us-run building on a paris university housing complex overnight , police said monday .
iran 's top persian classical singer has protested to the state-run radio and television organization irib for playing his songs without his authorisation , newspapers said monday .
the senior international envoy to the balkans , high representative carl bildt , called monday for serbia 's president slobodan milosevic to avoid violence in street protests in the serbian capital .
families in larkana , a former stronghold of the <unk> , were as divided as the bhutto clan monday over who to vote for in pakistan 's general elections , witnesses said .
australian captain mark taylor described champion west indies batsman brian lara as an `` antagonist '' after the west indies beat australia by ## wickets in an incident-packed fifth cricket test here monday .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze arrived in paris on monday for a three-day visit aimed at strengthening economic and political ties between the two countries .
nawaz sharif predicted his pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- would sweep monday 's general election in pakistan .
the palestinian justice minister admitted monday that a prisoner in the west bank self-rule area of nablus who died over the weekend was tortured to death by palestinian interrogators .
security was further strengthened monday in the tightly-guarded sri lankan capital colombo ahead of independence anniversary celebrations led by president chandrika kumaratunga , officials said .
spain 's recent proposal that it share sovereignty of the british colony gibraltar has been dismissed by the territory 's chief minister , peter caruana , as `` absurd and laughable .
international leaders monday condemned a police crackdown on protestors in belgrade that left at least ## injured and french foreign minister herve de charette said he will invite yugoslav opposition leaders to paris as soon as possible .
indonesia has threatened to walk out of a foreign ministers ' meeting between asean and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- here next week if portugal raises the east timor issue , a singapore official said monday .
the president of grundig , the troubled german manufacturer of consumer electronics goods , left his post on monday saying he could no longer work with the supervisory board .
a major fire swept through a prestigious book fair in calcutta monday as thousands of visitors ran for safety , witnesses said .
a blast caused by a small explosive device caused damage but no casualties at a foreign student hostel on a paris university housing complex overnight , police said monday .
the davos forum is to have its own net for the top people of world politics and business , a `` <unk> '' to enable #,### key decision-makers around the world to talk to each other .
the honeymoon period for hong kong 's first chief executive may have ended before he even takes office , with a group of democrats planning to hand him a <unk> petition against china 's plans for the territory .
national australia bank asia has been granted an international offshore banking licence in malaysia , a statement said monday .
britain on monday condemned the beating of pro-democracy demonstrators on the streets of belgrade by serbian riot police , seen as the fiercest response yet to ## weeks of demonstrations .
a court on monday extended the detention of an egyptian accused of spying for israel for a further ## days , judicial sources said .
pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi alleged monday that a burmese government minister had encouraged junta supporters to murder her .
belgian police searched the offices of finance minister philippe maystadt and several departments of his ministry in connection with tax and banking files on monday , officials said .
while young , married people are less likely to use illegal drugs or abuse alcohol than single people , they are just as likely to smoke , the washington post said monday .
a former political police officer who is serving a ##-year prison sentence for murdering a pro-solidarity priest in #### has been freed for six months , a prison spokesman told afp monday .
russian defense minister igor rodionov and his mongolian counterpart <unk> <unk> signed an agreement monday on technical military cooperation , interfax news agency reported .
former sudanese prime minister sadiq al-mahdi hit back monday at the khartoum government saying it should stand trial rather than opposition leaders like him .
un special envoy han sung-joo met president glafcos clerides on monday for the second time in four days , without any sign of progress toward a resumption of peace talks on divided cyprus .
a twin-engine cessna crashed in guatemala on sunday , killing the two crew members aboard , firefighters said .
three foreigners were seriously wounded in separate attacks in eastern germany at the weekend which investigators believed may have been racially-motivated .
the south african government committee responsible for supervising arms controls has not been asked to consider a reported ### million dollars contract for weapons sales to china , it said monday .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has agreed to review how it calculates thailand 's entitlement to tariff benefits on exports , the thai commerce minister narongchai akrasanee said monday .
surgeons operating on a syrian man suspected of having stomach cancer were stunned when the tumor turned out to be a bandage left inside the patient after a previous operation -- ## years ago .
nepal prime minister sher bahadur deuba monday laid the foundation stone for a controversial hydro-electric power project that is the largest yet in the country .
the united states-based global investment manager franklin templeton group here monday announced the launch of a mutual fund which would invest mainly in indian bonds .
the coca-cola company said monday that it and its seven south african bottling partners will invest more than one billion rand -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- over the next five years in expanding marketing and distribution in this country .
serbian opposition leader vuk draskovic appealed tuesday for the yugoslav army to intervene in the crisis pitting pro-democracy demonstrators against the regime of president slobodan milosevic .
an iranian woman fed up with her `` <unk> '' husband has filed for a divorce , a newspaper reported monday .
the frankfurt stock market started the new trading week off in style on monday , climbing to a new record closing high thanks to the dollar 's strength and a few issues chalking up strong gains , traders said .
the head of pakistan 's main fundamentalist jamaat-i-islami , qazi hussain ahmed , claimed the low turnout in monday elections was a victory for his party .
a policy maker of taiwan 's ruling kuomintang on monday dismissed japanese concerns about the island 's plan to ship nuclear waste to north korea , kyodo news reported .
serbian opposition leader vuk draskovic appealed tuesday for the yugoslav army to intervene in the crisis pitting pro-democracy demonstrators against the regime of president slobodan milosevic .
china hopes recent talks with the united states , japan and the european union will lead to early admission to the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , the chinese foreign trade minister was quoted as saying monday .
authorities in <unk> have approved a plan to build a cathedral at the site where russia 's last tsar and his immediate family were executed by the bolsheviks in #### , interfax reported monday .
consumer spending in the united states rose #.# percent in december after a revised #.# percent gain in november , the government said monday .
greek cypriots on the divided island of cyprus have bought a torpedo boat from israel that is to be delivered in august , a military source said monday .
serbian opposition leader vuk draskovic appealed monday for the yugoslav army to intervene in the crisis pitting pro-democracy demonstrators against the regime of president slobodan milosevic .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu invited pope john paul ii to visit jerusalem monday at the end of their ## minute meeting here .
a leader of the mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- blamed pakistan 's law enforcement agencies of failing to help a party polling agent killed by a rival faction during monday 's national election .
the parliament has adopted a budget heavily dependent on oil exports for the year starting on march ## .
sudanese rebels will pursue their offensive against khartoum as they expect the islamist military junta there to fall , opposition leader sadiq al-mahdi said monday .
us consumer spending rose #.# percent in december , when personal income went up #.# percent , the commerce department reported monday .
peruvian president alberto fujimori will meet with us president bill clinton at the white house on monday , a source close to fujimori announced here monday .
fierce fighting between communist rebels and colombian soldiers has left more than a dozen dead , media reports said monday .
the former head of the shanghai international securities company , one of the three largest in the city , has been jailed for ## years for accepting bribes and embezzlement , xinhua said monday .
israeli ministers clashed monday over a possible unilateral army retreat from south lebanon following an attack last week which left three soldiers dead .
a south african detained in iran for nearly three weeks is to be released shortly , iranian officials said monday .
the french-british computer services company sema group has paid ## million pounds -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- to acquire british railways business systems -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , the leading <unk> information systems company in britain , sema said on monday .
the iberia airline expects to report a profit of about #.# billion pesetas -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in #### from a loss of ##.## billion pesetas in #### , the state-owned company said on monday .
four international consortia will bid for a multi-billion-dollar turkish tender to build a nuclear power plant on the mediterranean coast , the anatolia news agency said monday .
palestinian president yasser arafat called on the european union on monday to play a political role in the middle east peace process .
the death toll in the outbreak of bubonic and pneumonic plague in central zambia has risen to ## , local newspapers reported monday .
the number of cars sold in france in january plunged by ##.# percent from the figure in january last year despite a <unk> , trade figures showed on monday .
egypt 's popular department chain omar <unk> will privatise ## of its shops nationwide starting in march , its chairman <unk> eddin al - <unk> said on monday .
unidentified assailants shot and killed an ultra-nationalist politician monday as he left an istanbul mosque after morning prayers , police said .
the paris bourse eased in the first part of the monday trading session on profit-taking in active trading , as the cac ## index stood at #,###.## points toward mid-afternoon , off #.## percent on the day to that point as trading continued .
<unk> storage of wheat in canada was up ##.# percent at the end of last year , while barley stocks were up ##.# percent , the government reported monday .
sales of refined petroleum products in canada fell #.# percent in december compared to a year earlier , to #.# million cubic metres -lrb- ### million cubic feet -rrb- , the government said monday .
peruvian president alberto fujimori will meet with us president bill clinton at the white house on monday , a clinton administration official confirmed monday .
sol melia , one of spain 's leading hotel groups , is planning to boost the number of its hotels in asia from ## to ## by the end of next year , a group spokesman announced on monday .
us secretary of state madeleine albright will visit rome february ## for talks with italian foreign minister lamberto dini as part of a tour also taking her to london , moscow , tokyo and beijing , the italian news agency agi reported monday .
a former kuwaiti minister on monday warned his country not to get caught in the cross-fire of conflicting us interests over iraq .
nepal prime minister sher bahadur deuba monday laid the foundation stone for a controversial hydro-electric power project that is the largest yet in the country .
former tanzanian president julius nyerere , mediating in the burundi crisis , held talks monday with burundian strongman pierre buyoya and other envoys to seek ways out of the deadlock that has seen the country subjected to an economic embargo by its neighbors .
construction spending in the united states was down #.# percent in december compared with a revised two percent gain in november , the government announced monday .
three people were killed and several abducted or wounded as election violence flared in pakistan on monday , police and hospital sources said .
egypt 's only islamic militant mp has lost his parliamentary immunity , paving the way for the authorities to question him on his alleged involvement with the outlawed moslem brotherhood , the press reported monday .
us and european union negotiators have failed to meet a january ## deadline for an overall agreement on industrial testing standards , the office of the us trade representative said here .
construction spending fell #.# percent in december , the commerce department reported monday .
palestinian president yasser arafat called on the european union on monday to play a political role in the middle east peace process in addition to its economic contribution .
several hundred police were deployed monday afternoon against an estimated ##,### protesters to prevent them marching in belgrade , witnesses reported .
fashion designer thierry mugler has hired ivanka trump , the ##-year - old daughter of donald and ivana , to embody the image of a new range of clothes for young people .
pakistani president farooq ahmed leghari failed to vote in the country 's general elections monday , saying he could not travel to his home town , where he is registered .
receipts from gold sales by european union members may not be used to reduce public deficits , the eu statistics office eurostat decided on monday .
a severe drought in southern argentina killed ###,### sheep last year in chubut , the biggest of patagonia 's five provinces , government statistics released monday said .
the national association of purchasing management said monday its overall index of us manufacturing activity fell to ## in january from a revised ##.# in december .
former tanzanian president julius nyerere , mediating in the burundi crisis , held talks monday with burundian strongman pierre buyoya and other envoys to seek ways out of the deadlock that has seen the country subjected to an economic embargo by its neighbors .
germany has banned the export to other european union countries of pigs from three regions hit by a <unk> epidemic , the state secretary of the agriculture ministry , franz-josef <unk> , said monday .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind on monday called for a halt to eu institutional reform , accusing france and germany of pushing the european union towards a united states of europe .
turkey is to contact iran over controversial remarks made by the iranian ambassador favoring supporters of the introduction of islamic sharia law here , the turkish foreign ministry said monday .
gerry adams , leader of the irish republican army 's sinn fein political party , monday warned british prime minister john major not to allow the northern ireland peace process to stagnate until after elections .
french foreign minister herve de charette met world jewish congress leader israel singer on monday to discuss gold seized in nazi germany by the world war ii allies and property taken from jews in france by the collaborationist vichy regime .
the first of ## swedish nuclear reactors is to be dismantled by #### , according to a new deal heavily criticized on monday because of the uncertain economic consequences for the country 's economy .
finland has drawn up emergency relief plans to help russian citizens who are starving and <unk> because of the country 's weak economy , finnish president martti ahtisaari said monday .
a palestinian held since january ## by the palestinian authority 's security service in the west bank town of jericho has been on a hunger strike for six days , a human rights group said monday .
peruvian president alberto <unk> was to meet president bill clinton here monday for talks on the hostage crisis in peru , white house spokesman michael mccurry said .
former prime minister nawaz sharif , whose party is expected to win the country 's general election , secured a seat in parliament , according to unofficial results released late monday .
the national association of purchasing management said monday its overall index of us manufacturing activity fell to ## in january from a revised ##.# in december .
former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif , whose party is expected to win the country 's general election , secured a seat in parliament , according to unofficial results late monday .
it 's white , it 's cold and it wo n't see out the winter : a `` snow church '' in the heart of helsinki , built in the shadows of the large lutheran cathedral on the senate square , will officially open on monday with a religious blessing .
south africa 's new constitution , regarded as one of most liberal in the world , is scheduled to come into effect at midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- monday , putting the seal on the country 's seven year political transition .
stocks fell in early trading monday as traders hung fire until a meeting tuesday and wednesday of the federal reserve board 's policy making committee .
nato could strike a bilateral security agreement with moscow before extending membership to former warsaw pact states , a nato official said monday , to overcome russian hostility to the atlantic alliance 's eastward expansion .
the leader of a leftist rebel group holding ## prominent hostages here said monday that he had discussed a possible plan for the release of jailed comrades with a government interlocutor .
the ugandan government reiterated monday that it had no intention of declaring war on sudan or invading its northern neighbor .
solidere , the company entrusted with rebuilding war-devastated downtown beirut , announced monday profits of ##.# million dollars in #### , up ## percent from the previous year .
the forthcoming g# summit in berlin is likely to call for a slightly firmer dollar , international financier george soros said here monday .
the dollar traded higher against major currencies except the pound sterling early monday following the bond market 's welcome of the lastest us economic statistics .
hong kong 's top civil servant monday expressed `` disappointment '' that key laws guaranteeing civil liberties will be repealed or amended when the territory returns to chinese rule on july # .
five people were killed in a gun battle between two rival political groups in a punjab province village monday , raising the death toll in violence during pakistan 's general elections to eight , police and officials said .
police clubbed demonstrators as more than ##,### people marched through belgrade monday , an afp reporter said , the day after police injured ## people in another crackdown .
gabon 's ruling democratic party -lrb- pdg -rrb- , which already has a majority in the national assembly , won control of nearly half the senate during a first round of voting , according to official results announced monday .
the church congregation smelled a rat when they asked for medical verification of paul redhead 's miracle cure and the doctor 's note came back with the name of his disabling illness misspelled .
pope john paul ii said sunday that a roman catholic missionary priest had been killed in rwanda while celebrating mass .
around ## greenpeace activists occupied the headquarters of a dutch company in the southeast netherlands monday to stop a shipment of chemical waste from leaving for belgium , the group said monday .
germany lent support monday to french demands that nato 's southern command should be led by a european rather than an american , german diplomatic sources said here .
nepal prime minister sher bahadur deuba laid the foundation stone on monday for a controversial hydro-electric power project that is the largest yet in the country .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on monday told pope john paul ii in talks at the vatican city that jerusalem would remain israel 's undivided capital .
fire swept through a prestigious book fair in calcutta monday , killing one person and injuring at least six others , police said .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata called monday for an international force to be set up to separate extremists from <unk> refugees in zaire 's teeming refugee camps .
peruvian president alberto <unk> met president bill clinton here monday for talks on the hostage crisis in lima , after defending his government 's position in the standoff before delegates from across the americas .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on monday invited pope john paul ii to visit jerusalem after talks here on the middle east peace process and the future of the troubled city .
french train services are expected to be disrupted wednesday by a strike call to protest at reforms of the state-run sncf rail authority , it said monday .
a centrist candidate in a french by-election said monday he was withdrawing from the race to unite forces against the far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- , which is in the lead .
israeli opposition leader shimon peres called monday for a `` privatization of peace '' through scientific initiatives designed to bring prosperity to the middle east .
the conservative party on monday fixed a crucial parliamentary by - election for february ## , a vote that could make or break prime minister john major 's hopes of clinging to power until may # .
saudi arabia monday deported another ## child beggars aged between six and ## , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said , following a similar exercise involving ## children last month .
a blast destroyed the car of russia 's first deputy finance minister in central moscow on monday , interfax reported , adding that no one was injured .
the us firms boeing and mcdonnell douglas announced monday they would join forces to develop a revolutionary fighter plane to compete with lockheed martin for a huge defense department contract .
pakistani president farooq ahmed leghari late monday confirmed reports that voter turnout in national polls had been very low .
a rightwing leader and former apartheid defense force chief said monday he would seek legal amnesty for an abortive #### plot to take up arms to create a white homeland .
the chairman of a team of commonwealth poll monitors said general elections in pakistan monday were largely free and peaceful .
the european union 's council of ministers will meet in geneva , on an exceptional basis , on february ##-## , a european diplomat said in the swiss city on monday .
as jury deliberations renewed monday in the wrongful death suit against o.j. simpson , the american football great denounced a tabloid newspaper story saying he partied over the weekend .
the conservative party on monday fixed a crucial parliamentary by - election for february ## , a vote that could make or break prime minister john major 's hopes of clinging to power until may # .
the top us official in the former yugoslavia , john kornblum , condemned monday use of riot police against demonstrators in the serbian capital belgrade at the weekend .
three workers were injured monday in a blast onboard an oil tanker being repaired in the port of brest in northwest france , officials said .
hong kong 's top civil servant monday expressed `` disappointment '' that key laws guaranteeing civil liberties will be repealed or amended when the territory returns to chinese rule on july # .
warning of the danger of a north korean `` military <unk> , '' a senior us military official stressed monday the importance of providing food to its economically strapped stalinist regime .
bulgaria 's governing socialist party on monday formed a new administration headed by prime minister designate nikolai dobrev , the bta news agency reported .
turkey on monday protested to iran over controversial remarks made by the iranian ambassador backing supporters of the introduction of islamic sharia law here , foreign ministry officials said .
prime ministers alain juppe of france and john major of britain met for three hours at downing street monday , with juppe saying afterwards he hoped britain would sign on to a single european currency .
the chairman of a commonwealth team of poll monitors said general elections in pakistan monday were largely free and peaceful .
russia has been ordered to pay ## million dollars to a swiss import - export company for reneging on loan agreements , the firm said in a communique monday .
president bill clinton on monday expressed support for peruvian president alberto fujimori 's patience in peru 's hostage crisis and his refusal to make concessions to terrorists , a white house spokesman said .
two men were arrested in connection with the bombing of a courthouse in northern california and the seizure of nearly ### pounds of dynamite -- enough to cause a `` catastrophic '' blast , police said .
us secretary of state madeleine albright will travel to europe and asia this month in a first official foreign trip that reflects washington 's top priorities , the state department said monday .
russia 's presidential chief of staff anatoly chubais warned nato leaders monday that any moves to expand before russia gave its assent could be their biggest mistake in ## years .
zairean foreign minister kamanda wa kamanda discussed the crisis in the east of his country with his french counterpart herve de charette monday , as kinshasa seeks to drum up international support .
firecrackers were set off and supporters of nawaz sharif danced in the streets of several cities after his pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- claimed victory in monday 's election .
us secretary of state madeleine albright will travel to asia this month in a whirlwind first official foreign trip that begins in europe , the state department said monday .
serbian opposition leader zoran djindjic monday turned down an invitation to attend a forum here , saying the brutal attacks on demonstrators in belgrade made it impossible for him to leave the country .
lithuanian finance minister rolandas <unk> was sacked monday amid a probe into alleged financial irregularities .
offices and shops closed and public transport in this tiny southern african kingdom ground to a halt monday as the main labor union group began a two-day national strike for democratic reform .
sports hero imran khan suffered a stinging defeat in one of the nine constituencies he contested in monday 's elections for pakistan 's national assembly , the first official poll results said .
a warning by former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic that the serbs will fight to keep hold of a disputed northern town was condemned monday by senior international officials in the balkans .
euthanasia-rights advocate jack kevorkian is under investigation for the suspected assisted-suicide deaths of two women , police in nearby pontiac said monday .
a drunk known as `` el gato '' -lrb- the cat -rrb- lived up to his name after doctors succesfully withdrew a knife lodged in his neck overnight , police said monday .
new us secretary of state madeleine albright will visit nine european and asian capitals including beijing later this month in her first foreign trip , the state department announced monday .
denmark welcomed a deal reached by sweden 's main political parties monday to phase out its nuclear reactors by #### , including one sited just ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- from the danish capital .
zaire is to ask morocco for military aid to help overcome the rebellion in the east of the country , officials in the entourage of president mobutu sese seko said here monday .
united technologies announced monday a ## percent increase in its quarterly dividend to ## cents a share .
dutch officers arrested ## people overnight as part of an international drugs probe , carried out with maltese , portuguese and spanish officers , police said monday .
belgium rejected on monday accusations of interference in zaire by the rebel movement of laurent-desire kabila , and suggested that a humanitarian aid presence be restored to the troubled region .
a german police officer came to the rescue of a new zeland woman who took an overdose and then contacted him by telephone , a spokesman said monday .
the slovene parliament will meet thursday to discuss the new government proposed by prime minister janez drnovsek , sources here said monday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's personal doctor warned monday that the health of a paralyzed moslem militant leader was in danger as long as he remained in an israeli jail .
czech writer bohumil hrabal fell to his death from the fifth floor of a hospital where he was undergoing treatment , the private television channel prima reported monday .
the church of scientology has launched an investigation into `` criminal and immoral acts '' by german officials who are allegedly harassing their members and other religious minorities , the church said in a statement released here monday .
us automakers turned in a mixed performance last month , with general motors reporting a #.# percent slump in sales and chrysler a two percent increase over january #### .
with president bill clinton backing his handling of the lima <unk> crisis , peruvian president alberto fujimori once again ruled out giving in to the hostage-takers ' demands .
lebanon 's parliament late monday approved a #### national budget of #.### trillion lebanese pounds -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- , with a deficit expected to come to more than a third of that amount .
new us secretary of state madeleine albright will visit nine european and asian capitals including beijing later this month in her first foreign trip , the state department announced monday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak returned home late monday after attending the world economic forum at davos , switzerland , which was marked by a weekend of intense middle east politicking .
the united states condemned monday a police crackdown on protesters in belgrade and warned serbian president slobodan milosevic faced further isolation for choosing to resort to violence .
a religious party 's spiritual guide said monday its political chief was innocent of allegations he fixed a deal to appoint an attorney general who would reduce charges against him , israeli television reported .
the chicago board of trade -lrb- cbot -rrb- wants to renegotiate its linkage agreement with its london counterpart liffe , spokeswoman kiki <unk> said monday .
six workers at the sellafield nuclear plant in northwest england were contaminated monday after radioactive material leaked into the building , a british nuclear fuels -lrb- bnfl -rrb- spokesman said .
former prime minister nawaz sharif said tuesday his party would secure a clear majority to form the next pakistan government after the general election .
the beef crisis sparked by `` mad cow '' disease cost the british government ###.# million pounds -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- between april # and december ## last year , junior agriculture minister angela browning said monday .
bank of england governor eddie george called on monday for a delay in launching the european single currency if the maastricht convergence criteria are not met `` sustainably , and in substance rather than just in form '' .
european envoy miguel angel moratinos monday told israeli defense minister yitzhak mordechai that syria wants peace with the jewish state and a clarification of its position , defense officials said .
former prime minister nawaz sharif said tuesday his party would secure a clear majority to form the next pakistan government after the general election .
a more polished , <unk> modified version of the ####s movie `` star wars '' was again a success on us movie screens over the weekend , grossing an estimated ##.# million dollars in ticket sales .
three sorcerers in ivory coast have been jailed for three years after they admitted eating ## people they had first transformed into edible rodents , the abidjan press reported monday .
the united nations food agency said monday that it is to embark on emergency food distribution in kenya 's drought-hit northeastern and eastern provinces , where some ###,### people face the risk of starvation .
a group of `` liquidators '' who cleaned up after the deadly blaze at the chernobyl nuclear power plant have vowed to continue their hunger strike and are now refusing even water , russian television reported .
the chief financial officer at at and t , who played a key role in the firm 's restructuring , has resigned after #.# years in the post , the telecommunications giant announced monday .
several key close lieutenants and allies of deposed premier benazir bhutto suffered defeats in pakistan 's national elections monday , according to unofficial results .
the united states condemned monday a police crackdown on protesters in belgrade and warned serbian president slobodan milosevic faced further isolation for choosing to resort to violence .
the prosecutor 's office in the eastern german town of <unk> brought racism charges monday against two youths after the beating up of a zairean asylum-seeker , prosecutor carlo weber said .
the pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- of former prime minister nawaz sharif was on the way to winning ### national assembly seats in the country 's largest province , punjab , election officials and pml sources said .
the united states reasserted monday its support for zaire 's territorial integrity as kinshasa struggled to put down a rebellion in the east of the country .
france 's minister for international cooperation , jacques godfrain , arrived in benin 's capital cotonou on monday for a ##-hour visit .
cricket hero imran khan , admitting poor support for his movement for justice in pakistan 's general election , said his party had nevertheless <unk> in laying a base for its future growth .
ten people , seven of them policemen , were injured near here in southeast mexico monday when a helicopter used in the anti-narcotics campaign crashed .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-### .## yen here in early morning trading tuesday , up from ###.## yen in new york late monday and ###.##-## yen here late monday .
former premier nawaz sharif has won a second seat in parliament , while his party was on its way to winning ### seats in the largest province , punjab , election officials and pml sources said tuesday .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
cricket hero imran khan , admitting poor support for his movement for justice in pakistan 's general election , said his party had nevertheless succeeded in laying a base for its future growth .
four men were arrested in connection with the bombing of a courthouse in northern california and the seizure of nearly ### pounds of dynamite -- enough to cause a `` catastrophic '' blast , police said .
blue chip stocks were down slightly monday ahead of the two-day federal reserve open market committee meeting , set for tuesday and wednesday .
the dollar fluctuated against other major currencies monday , after the german mark rose in cross trading and comments by international financier george soros .
the value of us farm exports soared to a record ##.# billion dollars in the fiscal year ending september #### , following a big boost in sales of bulk commodities , according to official figures released here monday .
a pro-democracy group in nigeria urged the national reconciliation committee -lrb- <unk> -rrb- on monday to immediately submit its report to the military-led government as a step towards ending a `` lingering political <unk> '' in nigeria .
gold opened higher here tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the pakistan muslim league of former prime minister nawaz sharif tuesday looked to be heading for a landslide victory in the country 's general election with ## results officially declared .
albania is to begin tuesday to reimburse victims of popular get-rich schemes that went bankrupt , following a wave of anti-government protests in january in this former communist state , a top bank executive has announced .
japanese finance minister hiroshi mitsuzuka said tuesday an excessively weak yen against the dollar is `` undesirable .
south korean <unk> on tuesday summoned two bank heads and one former bank chief for questioning on whether they received bribes for extending massive loans to the insolvent hanbo group , a prosecutor said .
four east timorese broke into the french embassy here early tuesday , an embassy source said .
share prices were sharply higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday morning , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
four policemen in eastern china have been sentenced to up to ## years in jail for torturing a bank robbery suspect to death , the china daily said tuesday .
a second oil exploration company has abandoned its off-shore drilling sites in cambodian waters following discouraging test results , the company 's manager said tuesday .
share prices were sharply higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday morning , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
a lion used to depict prime minister john major as a courageous <unk> in the european union jungle in the latest conservative poster campaign is more likely to whimper than roar , it emerged tuesday .
tom foley , a former speaker of the house of representatives heads the list of candidates to replace walter mondale as us ambassador to japan , newsweek said in its latest edition published monday .
a senior traffic control official in southern china has been charged with killing two people in a drunk-driving accident , and embezzling state funds to cover-up the incident , a report said tuesday .
hong kong is hoping to win a place in the guinness book of records with the world 's longest outdoor festive light display to mark the return of the territory to china on july # , organisers said tuesday .
china has officially launched an advanced communications system for its people 's liberation army -lrb- pla -rrb- troops to be stationed in hong kong after the handover on july # , it was reported tuesday .
informal peace talks between the philippine government and communist insurgents have resumed in the netherlands although obstacles that earlier resulted in the suspension of the talks still remain , an official said here tuesday .
south korean prosecutors tuesday summoned and questioned two bank heads and one former bank chief on whether they received bribes for extending huge loans to the insolvent hanbo group , officials said .
hong kong 's future chief tung chee-hwa met for the first time tuesday with some of his inner circle of advisors to discuss plans for britain 's transfer of the territory to china , sources said .
malaysia 's timber-rich sarawak state has closed all border crossing posts with neighbouring kalimantan in indonesia due to racial violence there , the bernama news agency reported tuesday .
new zealand is still seeking an undertaking from the owners of a british-flagged ship carrying nuclear waste to japan that it will not breach its territorial waters , foreign minister don mckinnon said tuesday .
south korea 's giant pohang iron and steel co. -lrb- posco -rrb- will step in and help manage the failed hanbo steel and construction co. , at the request of its creditor banks , posco said tuesday .
japan 's mitsubishi heavy industries ltd. said tuesday it had won an order for a styrene <unk> plant from pt <unk> mono indonesia -lrb- smi -rrb- .
four east timorese youths broke into the french embassy here early tuesday and asked to leave for portugal , embassy sources said .
malaysia 's national oil company petronas has agreed to take over australian resources giant bhp 's stake in the dai hung oil field off vietnam , to give it a majority stake , a petronas spokesman said here tuesday .
south korea 's giant pohang iron and steel co. -lrb- posco -rrb- will step in and help manage the failed hanbo steel and construction co. , at the request of its creditor banks , posco said .
indonesia 's home affairs ministry has ordered a ban on public gatherings which could incite social unrest prior to may general elections , reports said tuesday .
combined sales of south korean automakers plummetted to a ##-month low in january , buffeted by crippling labor strikes and a low-price push by japanese rivals , an industrial source said tuesday .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent as investors took profits after three consecutive days of record highs , brokers said .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda 's coalition government is backing proposals to double mps pay , allow them ###,### free phone calls and ## free flights a year , a newspaper said tuesday .
japan 's hitachi ltd. and mitsubishi electric corp. have agreed with texas instruments inc. -lrb- ti -rrb- of the united states to jointly develop a one-gigabit dynamic random access memory -lrb- dram -rrb- microchip , a mitsubishi official said tuesday .
china has set deadlines for ## debt-ridden , state-run automobile plants to turn around their operations or face forced bankruptcy or merger with more profitable firms , a report said tuesday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday called for an end to ethnic bloodshed as the country marked the ##th anniversary of independence from britain amid tight security .
hong kong 's leading beverages maker vitasoy international holdings ltd. said tuesday it aimed to garner ## percent of its revenues from china within five years .
hong kong officials were in hot water after a commercial customer complained it had been charged a staggering #.# million hong kong dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- for a month 's water supply , reports said tuesday .
hong kong-based new world infrastructure ltd. said tuesday it would invest #.# billion yuan -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in four infrastructure projects in china .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent as investors took profits after three consecutive days of record highs , brokers said .
philippine exports rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to ##.### billion dollars in #### , the national statistics office -lrb- nso -rrb- said tuesday .
more than ### people had to be evacuated because of floods which have inundated the queensland town of <unk> severing road and rail links , emergency services said tuesday .
the european airbus consortium could be floated on a stock exchange after a change in its status which would <unk> the group into a private company , airbus <unk> ian massey said here tuesday .
japan 's prime minister ryutaro hashimoto said tuesday he hoped that north korea would take a positive stance on moves towards peace talks for the korean peninsula .
four east timorese youths broke into the french embassy here early tuesday and asked to leave for portugal , embassy sources said .
bangladesh finance minister shah kibria has ordered the country 's banks to recover more than a billion dollars in bad loans by march ## , a newspaper reported here tuesday .
japanese prime minister ryutaro hashimoto said tuesday the results of a rare tokyo land auction were `` better than expected '' while finance minister <unk> mitsuzuka said they showed `` firm '' economic conditions .
international cricketers should be given a break each year to allow their bodies to recover from ever-increasing demands of the modern game , says west indies captain courtney walsh .
the dollar was higher against the yen in mid-afternoon trading here tuesday as bargain hunting by inter-bank dealers on earlier declines triggered follow-through buying support , dealers said .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- slumped #.# percent tuesday amid concerns about the economy and corporate profits , brokers said .
a people 's convention to frame a referendum on whether australia should sever its two-century link to the british crown will be held late this year following agreement by cabinet here tuesday .
security forces tuesday launched a fresh offensive against tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka on the country 's anniversary of independence , officials here said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher tuesday , with the nikkei stock average supported by high bidding at a central tokyo land auction the previous day , brokers said .
the mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- tuesday accused the `` establishment '' of manipulating pakistan 's elections although the party was ahead of deposed premier benazir bhutto in its southern stronghold .
heavily armed sri lankan troops tuesday mounted a fresh drive against tamil tiger guerrillas in the north of the country on the anniversary of the country 's independence , officials here said .
growing concerns that new zealand 's telecom corp. could unveil mediocre profits for the three months to december led to a #.# percent drop in its share price tuesday , analysts said .
deposed pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto retained her parliamentary seat for her home sindh province in the country 's general elections , the election commission said tuesday .
australian shares fell #.# percent tuesday amid uncertainty about interest rates following data showing retail trade was down during the christmas period , brokers said .
australian shares fell #.# percent tuesday amid uncertainty about interest rates following data showing retail trade was down during the christmas period , brokers said .
members of the democratic party staged a protest march on the offices of hong kong 's future leader tung chee-hwa tuesday , amid growing signs of dissent against china 's plans for the territory 's future .
toyota motor corp. 's assembly plants across japan were idle tuesday after a weekend fire cut off supplies of key parts to the auto giant , officials said .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- offered tuesday to send an envoy to sudan in a bid to end the fighting and reach a settlement to the strife in the country .
four east timorese youths who broke into the french embassy here early tuesday will leave for portugal , embassy sources said .
iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas carried out a series of attacks on israeli positions in southern lebanon on tuesday , triggering retaliatory shelling , security sources said .
the rand showed slight gains against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback from monday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
peruvian president , alberto fujimori , said some progress has been made toward resolving the hostage crisis in lima and that peru was looking for countries that would offer the hostage-takers asylum .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher tuesday , with the nikkei stock average supported by high bidding at a central tokyo land auction the previous day , brokers said .
deposed pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto retained her parliamentary seat from her home sindh province and also won a second seat in general elections , the election commission said tuesday .
visiting deputy un secretary general ismat kittani and south korean foreign minister yoo chong-ha met here tuesday to discuss north korea and other issues of international concern , a ministry spokesman said .
china 's state-run radio has joined international criticism of the proposed closure of the australian broadcasting corp. 's -lrb- abc -rrb- short - wave network radio australia , saying its closure would be `` a tragedy .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga granted a general amnesty to ### prisoners and freed them tuesday to mark the country 's ##th anniversary of independence , officials said .
the <unk> 's main telephone company , philippine long distance telephone co. , said tuesday it planned to cut rates for international calls while raising domestic call prices .
residents of nicosia awoke to find the capital of the eastern mediterranean island covered in a blanket of snow on tuesday , the first significant snowfall in the city since #### and just the third in ## years .
south korean prosecutors on tuesday said they had traced secret funds allegedly amassed by troubled hanbo group head chung tae-soo for lobbying politicians and government officials , officials said .
japan 's mitsubishi motors corp. said tuesday it and china north industry group would undertake a feasibility study on jointly producing diesel truck engines .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent higher tuesday in quiet trading ahead of lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
hong kong share prices rose #.# percent tuesday as investors bought banking and property shares in quiet trading ahead of the lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
gold closed higher here wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
north korea has signed an agreement on cooperation in environmental protection with the united nations development program -lrb- undp -rrb- , its official media said tuesday .
the iranian ambassador to turkey , whose backing for the introduction of islamic law in iran 's secular neighbor sparked a storm of protest , claimed on tuesday that he had been `` misquoted and misinterpreted .
police arrested ## people here tuesday in a swoop against organised crime following a series of bloody <unk> attacks on karaoke bars , a police spokesman said .
peruvian president alberto fujimori said some progress has been made toward resolving the hostage crisis in lima and that peru was looking for countries that would offer the hostage-takers asylum .
south korean prosecutors said tuesday they had traced secret funds allegedly amassed by troubled hanbo group head chung tae-soo for lobbying politicians and government officials .
a high-ranking political figure in the islamic radical movement hamas has been released from an israeli prison after serving an eight-year sentence .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange tuesday as investment trusts snapped up blue chips , dealers said .
pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- of nawaz sharif tuesday won absolute majority in the national elections .
japan 's hitachi ltd. , mitsubishi electric corp. , and texas instruments inc. -lrb- ti -rrb- of the united states said tuesday they would develop a one - gigabit dynamic random access memory -lrb- dram -rrb- microchip .
consumer prices in italy increased by #.# percent in january from the figure for january #### , showing the same ##-monthly increase as in december , official data showed on tuesday .
the dollar was higher against the yen in late afternoon trading here tuesday as bargain hunting by inter-bank dealers on earlier declines triggered follow-through buying support , dealers said .
the pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- of nawaz sharif tuesday won an absolute majority in the national elections , the election commission said .
heavily armed government soldiers mounted a fresh advance in to territory held by tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka on tuesday , officials here said .
french industrial prices fell by #.# percent in the whole of last year , official figures showed on tuesday .
philippine president fidel ramos on tuesday expressed disappointment at a court ruling against the sale of an historic hotel to a malaysian company .
workers were rebuilding stalls at a prestigious indian book fair here tuesday -- a day after a major fire killed one person and destroyed almost all the pavilions -- so it could open again on friday .
singapore telecommunications ltd. on tuesday launched a satellite - based mobile communications service to cover the atlantic ocean region , extending its reach worldwide .
police have arrested about ## protest leaders in a clampdown on a pro- democracy strike launched by the swaziland federation of trade unions -lrb- sftu -rrb- , unionists said tuesday .
central bank deputy governor chen yuan warned tuesday that any rash acceleration in the opening of china 's capital market could plunge the country into a <unk> financial crisis .
israel allowed nearly #,### additional palestinian workers to enter its territories for work on tuesday in an easing of the security closure on the west bank and gaza strip .
consumer prices in italy increased by #.# percent in january from the figure for january #### , showing the same ##-monthly increase as in december , official data showed on tuesday .
nearly half of the divorced women in south korea receive no alimony from their <unk> , a survey showed tuesday .
a train carrying nuclear waste for reprocessing at a plant in the hague went off the tracks tuesday at <unk> in eastern france but there were no leaks , gendarmes said .
thai share prices gained #.# percent in thin trading tuesday with some short-term speculative buying in the finance and banking sectors , analysts said .
leaders of hong kong 's ethnic minorities were jubilant tuesday , following reports from london that the british government is set to grant them british passports .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher tuesday as institutions snapped up blue chips in generally quiet trade ahead of festive holidays , brokers said .
jubilant former premier nawaz sharif , saying his sweeping election victory was more than he had expected , announced tuesday that his top priority would be to create a climate to attract foreign investment .
indonesia is to screen campaign speeches by the country 's political parties before they are broadcast on state-owned television and radio , a decree made public tuesday said .
share prices here advanced early on tuesday , as gains on the british futures market offset an overnight decline on wall street and caution about the next move in interest rates on both sides of the atlantic .
the taipei city government decided tuesday to close down licensed brothels as current rules had failed to curb rampant illegal prostitution , an official said .
twenty-two people , one of them a baby , died after a speeding van and a bus were in collision near freetown , the capital of sierra leone , police said tuesday .
arch-rivals india and pakistan will have better relations after former pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif takes office , outgoing us assistant secretary of state robin raphel said here tuesday .
britain 's royal navy , which will leave hong kong when china takes power here in july .
leaders of rival somali factions are expected here for talks with egyptian officials aimed at normalizing the situation in war-torn somalia , a spokesman for the somali national salvation council said tuesday .
malaysian authorities said tuesday they have temporarily sealed parts of the border with indonesia amid a wave of ethnic rioting in the indonesian kalimantan province .
russia 's top two defense chiefs coordinated their plans for personnel cuts in the armed forces and their technical overhaul during talks on military reform , interfax news agency reported tuesday .
the mark rose against european currencies here early on tuesday in response to reluctance by german officials to accept italy as a founder of a single european currency , dealers said .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher tuesday as institutions snapped up blue chips in generally quiet trade ahead of festive holidays , brokers said .
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower tuesday as investors locked away profits , dealers said .
us secretary of state madeleine albright was unaware that several close relatives were killed in nazi concentration camps during the holocaust , the washington post said tuesday .
a train carrying nuclear waste for reprocessing at a plant in the hague derailed tuesday at <unk> in eastern france but there were no leaks , local officials said .
britain , in a sudden turnabout , will grant full citizenship to thousands of hong kong 's ethnic asians facing <unk> when the colony reverts to china in july , according to reports here tuesday .
the dollar was firm against the mark early on tuesday and rose slightly against the yen as dealers awaited the latest monetary policy meeting of the us federal reserves bank , analysts said .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin warned that nato expansion could fuel extremist demands in russia for a return to armed confrontation with the west , the washington post said tuesday .
police questioned israel 's finance and justice ministers tuesday as part of their probe into charges of corruption surrounding the recent appointment of the country 's attorney-general , officials said .
a train carrying nuclear waste for reprocessing at a plant in britain went off the tracks tuesday at <unk> in eastern france but there were no leaks , authorities said .
police have arrested about ## leaders of a two-day strike aimed at forcing through constitutional reform in this tiny landlocked southern african kingdom , unionists said tuesday .
the dollar ended a shade higher against the mark and the yen in quiet singapore trading tuesday ahead of the us federal reserve 's open market committee -lrb- fomc -rrb- meeting , dealers said .
former cricket hero imran khan was tuesday bowled out by the voters in his first political innings , failing to break into the tight-knit but rough and tumble world of pakistan politics .
sudanese vice president al-zubeir mohammed saleh and foreign minister mustafa osman ismail are visiting libya , the official news agency jana reported tuesday .
hong kong 's deputy governor , anson chan , openly criticised a key policy backed by her future boss hours before he held his first meeting tuesday with his inner circle of advisors .
shares in a listed subsidiary of the petroleum authority of thailand -lrb- ptt -rrb- fell heavily for the second consecutive day tuesday on revisions in calculations of oil and gas reserves .
a south african military driver was killed in an explosion here tuesday after his vehicle tumbled off a bridge , and was struck by an oncoming diesel train , police said .
petronas gas bhd. 's share price is expected to stabilise at its current level of around nine ringgit -lrb- #.## us dollars -rrb- after gradual falls in past few weeks on concerns about an erosion of its distribution monopoly , analysts said tuesday .
kerry securities ltd. has been reprimanded by hong kong 's securities and futures commission -lrb- sfc -rrb- for breaching trading rules and for inadequate <unk> and monitoring , the commission announced tuesday .
the german group viag and its british partner bt have won the licence to operate the fourth german digital <unk> network e# , the postal ministry announced on tuesday , saying that they were the only candidates .
german industrial output rose by #.# percent in december from the figure for november , provisional adjusted data from the economy ministry showed on tuesday .
philippine president fidel ramos denounced the assassination tuesday of a roman catholic bishop here and named a special police team to hunt the killers , the presidential palace said .
the eu commission has begun anti-dumping procedures over fax machines against japan and six other asian countries , the eu 's official journal showed here on tuesday .
leftist rebels holding ## hostages at the japanese ambassador 's residence fired six shots tuesday to <unk> the death of six union members in clashes with authorities ## years ago .
a team of observers from the european union said tuesday the voting process in pakistan 's elections was transparent and they found no evidence of widespread electoral fraud .
philippine health authorities on tuesday blamed poverty , parental ignorance and a slackening immunization drive for a measles outbreak that has left ## children dead and more than #,### in hospital in one month .
the israeli housing ministry plans to sell plots of west bank land to build #,### new homes for settlers this year , a ministry spokesman said on tuesday .
turkish consumer prices rose by #.# percent in january from the figure for december and by ##.# percent over ## months , the state statistical institute reported on tuesday .
a team of observers from the european union said tuesday the voting process in pakistan 's elections was transparent and they found no evidence of widespread electoral fraud .
thai share prices gained #.# percent in thin trading tuesday amid short-term speculative buying in the finance and banking sectors , analysts said .
a taiwanese man was jailed for ##-and-a-half years tuesday for running an illicit gambling network and bribing police and court officials to help cover up the multi-billion dollar scam , an official said .
former south african president p.w. botha has been asked to respond to allegations he ordered a #### bombing and other atrocities , a truth and reconciliation commission official said tuesday .
pakistan 's former premier nawaz sharif vowed tuesday to lure foreign investors back to the country after winning an absolute majority in general elections .
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower tuesday as investors sold stocks across the board to lock away profits , dealers said .
south korean environmentalists on tuesday announced a plan to stage worldwide protests and a <unk> sea blockade if taiwan goes ahead with plans to ship nuclear waste to north korea .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu left rome on tuesday after an official visit during which he met pope john paul ii for the first time .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher tuesday as other asian bourses closed mixed with some suffering from quiet trade ahead of lunar new year holidays .
burma wants to stop cross-border raids into thailand by fighters targetting rebel karen refugees , by shifting the refugee camps into burma , the thai foreign ministry said tuesday .
an indian delegation headed by defense secretary t.k. <unk> left here tuesday on a ten-day visit to italy and israel in a bid to boost military ties , officials said .
the outlawed algerian islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- confirmed tuesday that it had asked libyan leader moamer kadhafi to mediate in the algerian crisis .
kuwaiti newspapers on tuesday rejected sudan 's claims that its neighbors and the united states were backing an opposition offensive to overthrow the islamist military junta in khartoum .
pakistan 's main bourse , the karachi stock exchange -lrb- kse -rrb- , rallied #.# percent tuesday as investors welcomed a general election victory by former premier nawaz sharif .
the turkish army staged a show of force tuesday in an ankara suburb where residents attended a controversial rally at which iran 's ambassador called for islamic law in turkey , the anatolia news agency said .
lebanese prime minister fares bweiz said tuesday his country will complain to the international truce monitoring committee over israeli shelling in the south earlier in the day .
the british broadcasting corp. -lrb- bbc -rrb- , tuesday entered into an agreement with sri lanka 's state-run radio to rebroadcast bbc news bulletins over the local station .
the british tories , trailing the labor opposition in the runup to spring elections , sent their big campaign guns abroad this week with tough talk against <unk> and the eu social chapter .
pakistan 's former premier nawaz sharif vowed tuesday to lure foreign investors back to the country after winning an absolute majority in general elections .
two major international observers groups have given an almost clean bill of health to pakistan 's polls process , saying that they found no evidence of widespread electoral fraud .
the outlawed algerian islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- confirmed tuesday that it had asked libyan leader moamer kadhafi to mediate in the algerian crisis .
daewoo of south korea intends to invest ### million dollars in the romanian auto industry this year , company executives said here on tuesday .
south african mercenaries hired two years ago by sierra leone to help combat a <unk> rebellion have left the country for an undisclosed location , diplomats in the capital said tuesday .
iraq has taken steps to increase deliveries of crude and oil products to jordan under an agreement signed last month , an iraqi official said tuesday .
south africa repeated its call tuesday for the `` speedy '' release of a south african who has been detained in iran for nearly three weeks .
police in abidjan arrested overnight the leader of a banned student organization after a meeting , students told afp on tuesday .
italy has opened its first diplomatic mission in baghdad since the #### gulf war , official sources and diplomats said here tuesday .
japan 's largest computer maker , fujitsu ltd. , said tuesday it had jointly won a ##-million-dollar contract to install a new digital telecommunications network in the philippines .
ghazi <unk> has taken the helm as head of the biggest arab financial group , arab banking corporation -lrb- abc -rrb- , the bank said in a statement on tuesday .
the ideal valentine for the average frenchman is spontaneous , intelligent , leggy and wears sexy underwear under a classic two-piece suit or mini-skirt , an opinion poll ahead of valentine 's day on february ## revealed tuesday .
sudanese president omar hassan el beshir tuesday asked his kenyan counterpart daniel arap moi to mediate in the conflict in sudan , where rebels are fighting the islamic regime , the kenyan foreign minister said .
at least three people were killed as two separate <unk> hit the northeast of iran on tuesday , causing extensive damage , scientists at tehran university said .
martin lee , head of hong kong 's democratic party , tuesday urged world leaders to speak out in favor of democracy , human rights and the rule of law when china takes over sovereignty of the territory from july # .
pakistan muslim league chief nawaz sharif , poised to become prime minister after his party swept to a majority in general elections , said tuesday he would review pakistan 's policy on neighbouring afghanistan .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin was at the center of press criticism tuesday for having taken part last month in a bear hunting expedition that harked back to the country 's tsarist era .
rangoon wants to stop cross-border raids into thailand by fighters targetting ethnic karen refugees by moving the refugee camps into burma , the thai foreign ministry said tuesday .
at least three people were killed in two earthquakes which rocked northeastern iran on tuesday , causing extensive damage , scientists at tehran university said .
a lawyer for suspected paedophile phillip bell succeeded tuesday in temporarily postponing a bid by australian police to extradite him on ### child sex charges .
the london stock market posted a gain in the first half of the tuesday trading session after a record high in the morning , thanks to favorable influences from the bond and futures markets , traders said at lunch-time .
five women , including ousted premier benazir bhutto and her mother , won seats in pakistan 's parliament as results flowed in tuesday from general elections the previous day .
iraq said tuesday it has asked the united nations to permit flights to mecca from baghdad and unblock ## million dollars in frozen overseas assets to help iraqis make this year 's pilgrimage .
a freight train laden with stone ballast derailed southeast of here tuesday , smashing into a factory below the <unk> , the london fire brigade said .
the frankfurt stock market eked out a modest gain on tuesday that was enough to take it to a new record closing high , as the dax index gained #.## points or #.## percent on the day to end at #,###.## points .
africa 's ## southernmost states have created a major investment drive aimed at increasing productivity in the region , officials said here .
three members of the same family were killed and another three injured when an explosive device detonated in their home north of cairo , police said tuesday .
zaire has asked egypt for political assistance to help overcome the rebellion in the east of the country , a senior egyptian official said , denying any request from kinshasa for military aid .
sudanese president omar hassan el-beshir tuesday asked his kenyan counterpart daniel arap moi to mediate in the conflict in sudan , where rebels are fighting the islamic regime , according to kenya 's foreign minister .
serb representatives in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , have temporarily suspended negotiations and cooperation with zagreb , the pro-government daily vjesnik newspaper reported tuesday .
peruvian president alberto fujimori , after winning white house support for his handling of the hostage crisis , returns home tuesday to leftist rebels here who rule out formal talks on the fate of their ## captives .
three key yugoslav opposition leaders are expected to travel to paris soon at the invitation of foreign minister herve de charette , a ministry spokesman said tuesday .
the opposition has taken control of the local assembly in a town in eastern serbia under a court ruling that marked a defeat for the ruling socialists , an opposition official said tuesday .
ugandan president yoweri museveni has asked for more time in which to declare his assets to the government , as required by law , the ugandan press said tuesday , quoting a government official .
at least three people were killed and a dozen villages flattened in two earthquakes which rocked a mountainous region of northeastern iran on tuesday , iranian red crescent officials and the irna news agency said .
russia 's hardline interior minister anatoly kulikov was promoted tuesday to the rank of deputy prime minister with responsibility for the tax police , customs service and economic security , a kremlin spokesman said .
the belgrade city council , at the core of disputes in the showdown between president slobodan milosevic and his political opponents , was left in legal limbo tuesday as its deputies ' mandate came to an end .
israeli foreign minister david levy and belarusian interior minister <unk> <unk> signed a deal tuesday for their police forces to cooperate against organized crime , terror and drug smuggling .
russia on tuesday condemned belgrade 's crackdown on opposition pro- democracy demonstrators , saying it opposed `` acts of violence from any quarter .
the arab league on tuesday threw its support behind an an offer by united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- president sheikh zayed ibn sultan al-nahyan to help mediate an end to the fighting in eastern sudan .
the irish police , the garda , have charged a man with the murder of investigative journalist veronica guerin , shot dead in june last year at the wheel of her car , police said tuesday .
three cousins of iraqi president saddam hussein have been placed under house arrest , an iraqi source in the region said tuesday , only days after reports that saddam 's first wife and two daughters were also under house arrest .
the us telecommunications firm sprint on tuesday reported a ## percent jump in fourth quarter #### net earnings , which it partially attributed to double-digit long distance revenue growth .
a train carrying nuclear waste for reprocessing at a plant in britain went off the tracks tuesday at <unk> in eastern france but there were no leaks , authorities said here .
the us consul general to jerusalem condemned on tuesday the death of a palestinian prisoner under torture and urged yasser arafat to clean up corruption and rights abuses in his self-rule authority .
more than #,### sudanese refugees returned to south sudan 's western equatoria region from eastern zaire in january to escape <unk> escalating conflict in the region , relief officials said tuesday .
the head of un disarmament efforts in iraq , rolf ekeus , is due in baghdad later this month for talks with prime minister tareq aziz about missiles iraq is suspected of hiding , un officials said tuesday .
the kuwait-based arab development fund -lrb- adf -rrb- signed an accord tuesday to give the palestinian authority aid totalling ## million dollars for to build infrastructure .
serbian president slobodan milosevic said tuesday he was prepared to accept opposition wins in disputed local elections , the state-run news agency tanjug said .
the israeli parliament on tuesday barred one of its members from submitting a bill stipulating that only jews can be elected prime minister , a parliamentary official said .
scores of policemen drawn from four southern african countries tuesday intensified their crackdown on car theft in the southern african region as they launched a joint operation in the mozambican capital .
deposed premier benazir bhutto offered late tuesday to cooperate with pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- chief nawaz sharif whose party has a majority win in general elections with results still coming in .
fierce fighting between communist rebels and government soldiers resumed early tuesday in mountainous jungle ### kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- southeast of the capital as colombian president ernesto samper put the army on the offensive .
three cousins of iraqi president saddam hussein have been placed under house arrest , an iraqi source in the region said tuesday , only days after reports that saddam 's first wife and two daughters were also under house arrest .
a panel of air-safety experts appointed by the white house may recommend the installation on some passenger planes of anti-missile defense systems , the wall street journal said tuesday .
czech railway workers launched a crippling ##-hour strike across the country early tuesday to denounce the government 's failure to shape up the debt-ridden state-owned company .
turkey supports stronger economic and technical cooperation with iraq , turkey 's charge d'affaires selim <unk> here said tuesday .
foreign minister klaus kinkel will visit moscow february ## and ## to hold talks with his russian counterpart yevgeni primakov centring on the planned eastward expansion of nato to which the russian authorities are opposed , a foreign ministry spokesman said tuesday .
iraq 's state-owned <unk> bank will resume activities at its branch in bahrain after a closure of six years since the #### iraqi invasion of kuwait , official sources said tuesday .
an index used to predict us economic performance over the next six to nine months increased #.# percent in december , consistent with moderate overall growth , the conference board reported tuesday .
swedish automaker volvo car sold ###,### cars last year , down #.# percent from the previous year , the firm announced on tuesday .
a train carrying nuclear waste for reprocessing at a plant in britain went off the tracks tuesday at <unk> in eastern france but there were no leaks , authorities said here .
stocks dropped slightly in early trading tuesday in advance of a two - day meeting of the federal reserve 's policy making committee that is expected to leave federal interest rates untouched .
engineers shut down the only functioning reactor at armenia 's nuclear power station on tuesday due to faulty electrical wiring in a turbo - generator , interfax news agency reported .
egyptian authorities have turned down a request by veterans of the #### arab-israeli war to set up an `` anti-zionist '' political party , a retired army general said tuesday .
new home sales in the united states fell one percent in december to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of ###,### units , the commerce department reported tuesday .
a ##th-century painting by the spanish artist el greco titled christ on the cross fetched a record #.# million dollars at auction here , christie 's said tuesday .
more than ##,### people were killed in traffic accidents in china last year , caused mainly by negligence , the xinhua news agency said tuesday .
sometime sex kitten brigitte bardot on tuesday gave her support to an extreme right candidate in a crucial by-election in southern france next sunday .
a chicago public school used taxpayers ' money to promote puerto rican independence and the release of convicted terrorists , according to an internal school board report published by the chicago sun-times tuesday .
business will account for ## percent of internet use and private users just ## percent , a well-known technologist attending the economic forum here predicted tuesday .
at least ## people were killed and dozens injured in two earthquakes which rocked a mountainous region of northeastern iran on tuesday , the interior ministry said .
missing iranian dissident writer <unk> <unk> was arrested sunday for trying to leave iran illegally and is to be put on trial , according to iran 's deputy foreign minister mahmud vaezi .
pakistan president farooq ahmed leghari 's son lost to a nominee of nawaz sharif 's pakistan muslim league in national elections tuesday , election commission sources said .
president bill clinton and first lady hillary clinton are `` very concerned '' about us ambassador to france pamela harriman , hospitalised in paris on monday for suffering a stroke , white house officials said tuesday .
pepsico on tuesday reported an ## percent plunge in fourth quarter net earnings following `` dramatic '' losses in its international beverage performance .
germany 's weimar museum has recovered a painting by ##th-century artist johan friedrich <unk> that vanished from its collections during world war ii , sotheby 's auction house said here tuesday .
the dollar was higher against other major currencies in early trading tuesday as the federal reserve 's monetary committee held a highly anticipated two-day meeting .
the british government will grant full citizenship to up to #,### members of ethnic minorities here to prevent them becoming stateless when the territory reverts to chinese rule on july # , governor chris patten said tuesday .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin left here tuesday for the united states for talks on economic cooperation and the thorny issue of nato expansion .
the israeli bureau chief of the international arab newspaper al-hayat said tuesday she had been banned from entering the jewish state for the past month .
bulgaria 's governing socialist party and the opposition have agreed on early general elections in april , national radio said tuesday , apparently ending a political crisis which has paralysed the country .
britain will grant full citizenship to thousands of hong kong ethnic asians facing <unk> when the colony reverts to chinese sovereignty on july # , home secretary michael howard said tuesday .
four human rights observers with the united nations were killed tuesday in an ambush in rwanda , the un high commissioner for human rights here said .
china 's top leaders have visited ailing patriarch deng xiaoping to mark the arrival of the lunar new year , the official xinhua news agency reported tuesday .
britain , in a sudden turnabout , tuesday said it would grant full citizenship to thousands of hong kong 's ethnic asians facing <unk> when the colony reverts to china on july # .
four united nations military observers and their interpreter were taken hostage tuesday in tajikistan , a un spokesman said here .
lebanon and brazil on tuesday signed two economic and cultural cooperation accords during a visit here by brazilian foreign minister luiz felipe lampreia , officials said .
four human rights observers with the united nations were killed tuesday in an ambush in rwanda , the un high commissioner for human rights here said .
the main rwandan hutu refugee movement tuesday accused tutsis of killing a canadian missionary priest for helping hutus , according to a statement issued here .
sometime sex kitten brigitte bardot on tuesday gave her support to an extreme right candidate in a crucial by-election in southern france next sunday .
british labor leader tony blair , heavily favored to win spring general elections , tuesday vowed to put northern ireland at the top of the political agenda of a labor government .
paralyzed by shortages of fuel and food and the closure of main roads , ecuador braced tuesday on the eve of a general strike to press for the resignation of president abdala bucaram .
south africa on tuesday accused british , french and japanese companies transporting nuclear waste on board the british ship pacific teal of breaching a contract to stay outside its economic exclusion zone off the cape .
it may not have blown into bubbles , but stone age chewing gum was as popular with teenagers thousands of years ago as today , the british media reported tuesday .
the kazakh parliament said tuesday it opposed the ratification of a draft treaty between moscow and the central asian republic that would allow the russian army to train at weapons test centers here for the next ## years .
a blast rocked an office where citizenship papers are issued in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held region of croatia , a un spokesman said tuesday .
germany on tuesday contributed ###,### dollars towards logistical support for the mission of the newly-appointed un special representative for the troubled great lakes region .
the milan stock marked chalked up strong progress on tuesday on optimistic expectations about imminent conclusion of negotiations in the engineering and metal-working sectors , traders said .
spanish gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- was up by #.# percent in the #th quarter last year from the same quarter the previous year , and rose by #.# percent last year by comparison with #### , secretary of state for the budget jose <unk> said on tuesday , quoting provisional figures .
members of the world trade organization -lrb- <unk> -rrb- and china `` are approaching the final phase of the negotiations '' on chinese membership in the geneva-based international agency , wto chief renato ruggiero said tuesday at a colloquium at the french senate .
jurors resumed deliberations tuesday in the wrongful death suit against american football great o.j. simpson for the june #### slashing murders of his ex-wife and her friend .
the colombian military intensified aerial bombing on tuesday outside this mountain village ## kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- east of bogota where government soldiers have been locked in fierce clashes with rebels for three days .
four un human rights observers were killed tuesday in an ambush in rwanda , the un high commissioner for human rights here said .
the head of the osce 's mission in grozny , tim <unk> , was ordered out of chechnya tuesday after riling the <unk> government by saying the war-scarred republic was still a part of russia .
south african foreign minister alfred nzo held talks tuesday with his swaziland counterpart arthur khoza , to discuss a national pro- democracy strike in the tiny kingdom that entered its second day tuesday .
dutch airline klm suffered a net loss of # million guilders -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter of financial ####-## -lrb- october - december -rrb- , the company announced on tuesday .
authorities in china 's northeastern heilongjiang province have sentenced ## people over corruption cases involving some ### million yuan -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- , the official xinhua news agency reported tuesday .
two army helicopters collided and crashed over northern israel on tuesday , leaving dozens of dead or wounded , a military spokesman announced .
a briton went on trial tuesday on charges of robbing egyptian archaelogical sites and smuggling precious antiquities disguised as cheap artefacts out of egypt as part of an international trafficking network .
the global economic forum at davos ended tuesday after six days of intense networking and politicking by middle east protagonists and the russian prime minister .
norwegian justice minister and onetime crime writer anne holt has resigned because of ill-health , prime minister thorbjoern jagland announced tuesday .
a briton went on trial tuesday on charges of robbing egyptian archaelogical sites and smuggling precious antiquities disguised as cheap artefacts out of egypt as part of an international trafficking network .
france promised tuesday to be totally open and honest in response to concerns of jewish groups about gold seized from jews in nazi germany by the world war ii allies .
chancellor helmut kohl turned the first sod tuesday at a ceremony to mark the start of work on the new berlin headquarters for the head of german government .
a delegation of the european commission of human rights is to inquire into four cases of alleged human rights abuses in turkey in which ankara has denied involvement , the council of europe said tuesday .
police used teargas here tuesday to break up a demonstration by students demanding the release of colleagues detained after similar disturbances over the weekend , an afp correspondent reported .
nawaz sharif 's pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- has won a landslide victory of ### seats against ## secured by deposed premier benazir bhutto 's pakistan people 's party -lrb- ppp -rrb- , according to the final official count of votes late tuesday in general elections .
at least #,### somali refugees from camps in kenya 's indian port city of mombasa are to be resettled in the united states by september this year , the international organisation on migration said tuesday .
two army helicopters collided in heavy fog over northern israel on tuesday , leaving dozens of dead and wounded , a military spokesman announced .
france 's state sector unions tuesday announced a `` day of national action '' for march # , calling for nationwide strikes in protest at the government 's refusal to raise wages in line with inflation .
the pentagon accused iraq tuesday of hiding as many as ## ballistic missiles in violation of un resolutions , and warned it was prepared to defend us forces in the region .
dozens of israeli soldiers were killed tuesday when two army helicopter troop carriers collided in heavy fog and snow over the north of the country on tuesday , israel radio reported .
the white house reaffirmed its commitment to nato expansion on tuesday , despite a warning against the plan from russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin .
a judge tuesday ordered two leaders of the political wing of the banned basque separatist movement eta to be taken into custody on suspicion of collaboration with an armed organization , judicial officials said .
the number of tourist arrivals in cyprus fell by six percent in #### , adding to fears of a crisis in the tourism sector of the holiday island , official figures showed on tuesday .
a rifle grenade fired from the direction of a franciscan monastery in croat-held west mostar exploded in the moslem section of the city monday night , the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- said .
sweden will dismantle one of its ## nuclear reactors on july # , #### , and the next one should be dismantled three years later , industry minister anders <unk> said tuesday .
the libyan foreign minister omar <unk> met here tuesday with nigeria 's military ruler general sani abacha , delivering a message from libyan leader muammar gaddafi , nigerian officials said .
the pentagon accused iraq tuesday of hiding as many as ## ballistic missiles in violation of un resolutions , and warned washington was prepared to defend us forces in the region .
a judge tuesday ordered two leaders of the political wing of the banned basque separatist movement eta to be taken into custody on suspicion of collaboration with an armed organization , judicial officials said .
federal reserve policymakers opened a two-day meeting here tuesday to debate us monetary moves , a fed source reported .
iraqi television on tuesday for the first time showed president saddam hussein 's wife <unk> at the hospital bedside of their son uday , who was shot in an assassination bid in december .
paralyzed by shortages of fuel and food and the closure of main roads , ecuador saw support widen tuesday for a two-day general strike to press for the resignation of president abdala bucaram .
the united states on tuesday congratulated former pakistani premier nawaz sharif on his electoral victory and pledged to work with him to improve bilateral ties .
the croatian upper house of parliament has backed a bill whereby pensioners will start receiving pension arrears on march # , about two weeks before local elections , croatian radio said tuesday .
the united states voiced skepticism tuesday in the wake of moves by serbian president slobodan milosevic to recognize opposition victories , noting that he has made such pledges before .
a slovene right-wing movement has called for an anti-corruption demonstration in front of the parliament building on the day mps are to meet to approve a new centre-left government , national radio reported tuesday .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu announced a high-level investigation into a mid-air collision between two israeli army helicopters tuesday which left nearly ## soldiers dead .
the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- reacted cautiously tuesday to an apparent climbdown by serbian president slobodan milosevic as he moved to stifle the biggest threat yet to his authoritarian regime .
another sexual harassment controversy buffeted the us army tuesday , this time allegations by a sergeant major that she was sexually assaulted last year by the service 's senior enlisted man .
president bill clinton and first lady hillary clinton are `` very concerned '' about us ambassador to france pamela harriman , who was hospitalised in paris after suffering a stroke , white house officials said tuesday .
iraqi television on tuesday for the first time showed president saddam hussein 's wife <unk> at the hospital bedside of their son uday , who was shot in an assassination bid in december .
a group of kuwaiti mps urged the government on tuesday to review its decision to buy sea <unk> surface-to-surface missiles from british aerospace , which was in competition with france 's aerospatiale .
ford motor company announced tuesday it had sold ###,### vehicles in january , up #.# percent on a daily sales basis from ###,### a year earlier .
nearly ## israeli soldiers were killed tuesday when two helicopters flying to lebanon collided over northern israel , in the country 's deadliest military air disaster , a senior army officer said .
the state-owned savings bank of albania on tuesday began paying out money to victims of popular get-rich schemes that went bankrupt and provoked a wave of anti-government protest .
the dollar was up against other major currencies tuesday , having benefited from comments by us treasury secretary robert rubin .
lebanese shiites living in areas controlled by hezbollah guerrillas fired shots into the air to rejoice at tuesday 's mid-air crash between two israeli helicopters which killed almost ## soldiers .
another sexual harassment controversy buffeted the us army tuesday , this time allegations by a sergeant major that she was sexually assaulted last year by the service 's senior enlisted man .
supporters of boris yeltsin 's #### election campaign accused russia 's lower house of parliament of a gross violation of the fundamental principles of the constitutional system for trying to unseat the president during his illness , interfax reported .
a rwandan court on tuesday sentenced to death a hutu extremist for his role in the #### genocide and sentenced another to life imprisonment , national radio reported .
ugandan president yoweri museveni will discuss recent crises in africa 's great lakes region with former us president jimmy carter , georgia 's carter center said tuesday .
more than ## israeli soldiers were killed tuesday when two helicopters flying to lebanon collided over northern israel , in the country 's deadliest military air disaster , military officials said .
tutsi-led zairean rebels on tuesday urged morocco , where president mobutu sese seko is on a visit , not to provide the government with military help .
northern ireland 's police chief said tuesday he believed this summer 's sectarian marches would be free of the violence that surrounded them last year .
lebanese shiites living in areas controlled by hezbollah guerrillas fired shots into the air to rejoice at tuesday 's mid-air crash between two israeli helicopters which killed more than ## soldiers .
israeli authorities called a day of mourning wednesday after two army helicopters collided , killing about ## soldiers in the country 's worst military air disaster .
zaire will not negotiate `` in any way '' with the rebels led by laurent - desire kabila , a zairean official accompanying president mobutu sese seko on a visit here told afp on tuesday .
us secretary of state madeleine albright telephoned israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu tuesday to offer her condolences following a helicopter collision in northern israel , a spokesman said .
us multinationals have been rushing to sign on to global toll-free telephone service to boost their market reach , experts said here tuesday .
the united states urged other nations to stay out of the fighting in eastern zaire tuesday as it confirmed foreign troops were crossing into zaire to help the sides .
the united nations development program on tuesday announced it would provide ## million dollars to help sustain microcredit initiatives in ## countries .
tuesday 's collision of two israeli military helicopters , which left ## soldiers dead , is the worst helicopter crash anywhere in the world since #### .
german chancellor helmut kohl is to visit new zealand in may , officials traveling with german economy minister gunther rexrodt said here wednesday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak has blamed parents for the phenomenon of `` satan worshipping '' that has landed dozens of moslem and christian youths in jail .
all ## israeli soldiers on board were killed when two helicopters packed with troops and ammunition collided over the israeli-lebanon border , army chief of staff amnon shahak said wednesday .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading wednesday , up from ###.## yen in new york late tuesday and ###.##-## yen here late tuesday .
the head of the osce 's mission in grozny , tim <unk> , was ordered out of chechnya on tuesday after riling the <unk> government by saying the war-scarred republic was still a part of russia .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
the jury tuesday reached a verdict in the wrongful death suit against former american football star o.j. simpson for the june #### slashing murders of his ex-wife and her friend , court officials said .
all ## israeli soldiers on board were killed tuesday when two helicopters packed with troops and ammunition collided over northern israel on their way to lebanon , in the worst accident in the army 's history .
sudanese president omar hassan el-beshir tuesday asked his kenyan counterpart daniel arap moi to mediate in the conflict in sudan , where rebels are fighting the islamic regime , according to kenya 's foreign minister .
a row over funding of a maori television station was wednesday threatening the viability of new zealand 's government amid revelations about a shopping spree by an mp from the ruling coalition .
japan 's marubeni corp. , telenor investment as of norway and grameen telecom of bangladesh will start a mobile phone service in bangladesh with a total investment of ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , a marubeni official said wednesday .
sudanese information minister al tayeb ibrahim mohamed khair on tuesday accused ethiopian troops of holding up ##,### people who fled their homes in kurmuk and <unk> in a rebel push into blue nile state in january .
president bill clinton tuesday called on a joint session of congress to support a policy of engagement with china while not abandoning the contentious issue of human rights .
president bill clinton made education the centerpiece of his state of the union address tuesday , issuing a `` call to action for american education .
president bill clinton tuesday called on a joint session of congress to support expanding the north atlantic treaty organization to include former soviet bloc nations by #### .
almazy <unk> -lrb- ars -rrb- , russia 's biggest diamond producer , and the russian industry ministry have signed a cooperation agreement , interfax news agency reported .
president bill clinton tuesday pushed for continued us involvement in peace talks between north and south korea and us funding of an agreement to dismantle north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
the irish government on tuesday reminded britain of its `` strenuous objections '' to the construction of an underground nuclear waste storage plant on the irish sea coast in northwest england .
the dow jones industrial average closed with a slight gain tuesday , spurred by a drop in long-term interest rates caused by rumors of a possible united states military raid on iraq .
russia 's finance minister , alexander livshits , has pledged that the government will pay off its pension arrears by july # , the itar-tass news agency reported .
south korean prosecutors are to seek arrest warrants for two bank heads and a former banking chief on charges of taking bribes from the debt-stricken hanbo group , a news agency report said wednesday .
north korea , in a rare public comment to us media late monday , said it would not participate in a key briefing with us and south korean officials until washington delivers `` promised '' food .
the philippine long distance telephone co. , the country 's dominant telecommunications firm , said here wednesday that its net profit for #### jumped ## percent from a year earlier to #,###.# billion pesos -lrb- ###.# million dollars .
president bill clinton on tuesday called on a joint session of congress to support continued us leadership in global peacemaking and peacekeeping , particularly in bosnia .
a close aide to south korea 's top opposition leader kim dae-jung on wednesday admitted to receiving some ###,### dollars from the troubled hanbo group .
portuguese foreign minister jaime gama is to visit india from thursday through monday at the invitation of his indian counterpart inder kumar gujral , it was announced .
a jury tuesday reached a verdict in the wrongful death suit against former us football star o.j. simpson for the june #### slashing murders of his ex-wife and her friend , court officials said .
amid a continuing barrage of disclosures of questionable campaign activities by his democratic party , president bill clinton on tuesday again called for swift enactment of stricter campaign finance laws .
president bill clinton on tuesday called on a joint session of congress to allocate the money necessary to fulfill his second term 's foreign policy objectives .
gold opened lower here wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
young children narrowly escaped harm tuesday as the latest gunfight in scandinavia 's two-year biker war erupted outside a <unk> kindergarten , police said .
president bill clinton called on a joint session of congress tuesday to empower him to push trade deals that he said were necessary to increase us exports to asia and latin america .
hong kong 's future chief tung chee-hwa has received sensitive files on top civil servants despite deadlock between britain and china over the confidential reports being passed on to beijing , tung 's office confirmed wednesday .
un secretary-general kofi annan sent his condolences to the people of israel and relatives of the ## people who died in tuesday 's mid-air collision of two israeli transport helicopters .
destructive blizzards that lashed huge areas on <unk> in recent weeks have killed nearly ##,### cattle and left hundreds of people facing possible starvation , a report said wednesday .
four un military observers -- one austrian , two swiss and one ukrainian -- as well as their <unk> interpreter were taken hostage on tuesday in tadjikistan , according to a un spokeman here .
the chinese government has protested the reported signing of a deal between cambodia and taiwan which would result in direct flights between phnom penh and taipei .
share prices were lower on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday morning , with the nikkei stock average falling ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
president bill clinton tuesday sent a condolence message to israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu following the death of ## israeli soldiers in the mid-air collision of two helicopters .
more than ### millions children under the age of five were vaccinated against polio in the past two months in asia as a global push continued to wipe out the disease by #### , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- reported tuesday .
a woman was temporarily blinded when a nail polish bottle she intended to buy exploded in her face at a singapore shopping center , the straits times reported wednesday .
amid a continuing barrage of disclosures of questionable campaign activities by his democratic party , president bill clinton on tuesday again called for swift enactment of stricter campaign finance laws .
president bill clinton made education the centerpiece of his state of the union address tuesday , issuing a `` call to action for american education .
former australian entrepreneur alan bond was sentenced to four years ' jail here wednesday after pleading guilty to the country 's biggest corporate fraud .
french prime minister alain juppe insisted tuesday that economic growth will reach or exceed #.# percent this year , but he acknowledged that such progress had yet emerge .
cambodia 's queen norodom monineath sihanouk returned here wednesday after opening and exhibition of khmer art and antiquities in paris with french president jacques chirac .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen in late morning trading here wednesday , up from ###.## yen in new york late tuesday and ###.##-## yen here late tuesday .
the jury tuesday found former american football star o.j. simpson liable for the wrongful death of his ex-wife and her friend , local television said .
a united states military team has arrived in cambodia to conduct a search and recovery operations for the remains of american servicemen missing since the vietnam war , the us embassy said wednesday .
president bill clinton tuesday called on a joint session of congress to support expanding the north atlantic treaty organization to include former soviet bloc nations by #### .
south korean prosecutors sought warrants wednesday to arrest two bank heads on charges of taking kickbacks from the debt-stricken hanbo group , television said .
president bill clinton tuesday pushed for continued us involvement in peace talks between north and south korea and us funding of an agreement to dismantle north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
president bill clinton tuesday called on a joint session of congress to support a policy of engagement with china while not abandoning the contentious issue of human rights .
president bill clinton called on a joint session of congress tuesday to empower him to push trade deals that he said were necessary to increase us exports to asia and latin america .
president bill clinton on tuesday called on a joint session of congress to support continued us leadership in global peacemaking and peacekeeping , particularly in bosnia .
the <unk> jury tuesday unanimously found former american football star o.j. simpson liable for the wrongful death of his ex - wife and her friend .
president bill clinton on tuesday called on a joint session of congress to allocate the money necessary to fulfill his second term 's foreign policy objectives .
former australian entrepreneur alan bond was sentenced to four years ' jail here wednesday after pleading guilty to the country 's biggest corporate fraud .
china 's secretary of defense chi hao tian will visit the philippines next week , the chinese embassy here said wednesday .
air force planes bombed suspected tamil tiger guerrilla targets in northern sri lanka as ground troops kept up a fresh drive against the rebels , officials here said wednesday .
vietnam accused the united states wednesday of being the world 's `` biggest violator '' of human rights in an angry response to washington 's criticisms of restrictions on political and religious freedoms .
a high-powered chinese delegation is to visit taiwan in march to promote bilateral commerce exchanges , though relations between the two sides remain strained , officials said .
just as the applause began following president bill clinton 's state of the union address tuesday , us television networks quickly shifted to a topic that has consistently made them money : the case against o.j. simpson .
china 's birth rate fell slightly to ## per #,### in #### -- a year that saw family planning officials struggle with new challenges thrown up by the country 's social and economic reforms .
the philippines ' consumer prices in january were up #.# percent from december and were up #.# percent year-on-year , the national statistics office -lrb- nso -rrb- said here wednesday .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower wednesday as investors locked away profits from recent gains , brokers said .
the third french-made lafayette-class frigate ordered by taiwan is en route to the island and is expected to be commissioned soon into the navy , the central news agency -lrb- cna -rrb- reported wednesday .
philippine authorities are looking at extortion as the possible motive for the killing of a roman catholic bishop in the moslem-dominated southern town of jolo , officials said wednesday .
taiwan 's trade surplus in january declined #.# percent from a year earlier to #.## billion us dollars , the finance ministry said wednesday .
banque nationale de paris -lrb- bnp -rrb- announced here wednesday it had acquired control of an asian stockbroking and corporate finance group as part of its regional expansion plans .
actress elizabeth taylor will undergo surgery to remove a benign brain tumor on feb. ## , one day after a gala aids fundraiser celebrating her ##th birthday , her spokesman said tuesday .
golf 's hottest property tiger woods got an even bigger reception than president bill clinton and queen elizabeth ii when he arrived in thailand to play his first professional tournament in asia .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- eased #.# percent wednesday as the bourse consolidated after a sharp drop the previous day , brokers said .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower wednesday as foreign investors locked away profits from recent gains .
us consul general richard boucher warned wednesday that changes to hong kong laws before its july # handover were `` bad news '' which could erode international confidence in the territory .
a baby boy born on the eastern island of lombok has been named as indonesia 's ### millionth inhabitant , population minister <unk> <unk> said wednesday .
poaching of the saker falcon on china 's western qinghai-tibet plateau has reduced the rare bird 's numbers and damaged the area 's ecological balance , wednesday 's china daily quoted officials as saying .
there are still rickshaws to be found in india 's `` city of joy '' .
the indonesian province of west kalimantan hit by fresh ethnic unrest since last week is now calm and under control , an indonesian army spokesman said according to reports wednesday .
australia aims to prise open trade access to china 's markets and to support its entry into the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- under a wide-ranging trade offensive launched wednesday .
the dollar broke above ### yen in midafternoon trading in tokyo on wednesday to reach a four-year high , dealers said .
india and vietnam are poised to join china and the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- as choice destinations for foreign direct investment , according to a survey released here tuesday .
chicago scientists have synthesized a new vitamin d-# compound that may prevent cancer without the toxicity associated with most vitamin d-# compounds , the university of illinois -lrb- uic -rrb- here said tuesday .
indonesia 's foreign minister said wednesday that jakarta hoped malaysia 's closure of part of its border on borneo due to ethnic violence on the indonesian side would be quickly lifted .
australian shares rose #.# percent wednesday with blue chips leading the market up in quiet trading , brokers said .
a union here threatened wednesday to delay the start of the #### sugar crushing season unless steps were taken to correct a lead problem in laboratories .
the dollar rose above ### yen for the first time in almost four years in mid-afternoon trading here wednesday .
indonesia 's state-owned bank negara indonesia -lrb- bni -rrb- has issued ### million dollars worth of ##-year corporate bonds in the united states , a news report said wednesday .
bangladesh 's fundamentalist jamaat-e-islami party was jubilant wednesday about the result of elections in pakistan , calling for prime minister-elect nawaz sharif to bring about `` an ideal islamic state .
pakistan 's newly-elected government should not use the kashmir issue to shun talks with india , a leading politician said here wednesday .
japanese consumer electronics giant sony corp. said wednesday group pre-tax profit for the three months to december rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to ###.## billion yen -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average dampened by declines of bank and securities shares , brokers said .
the dollar broke above ### yen in midafternoon trading in tokyo on wednesday to reach a four-year trading high , dealers said .
south korea said wednesday it would donate some ##.# million dollars in grant aid to developing countries in fiscal #### , with the lion 's share going to china and vietnam .
china 's xinjiang airlines is to take delivery of one boeing ### this year , boeing commercial airplane group said in a statement issued here wednesday .
china 's paramount leader deng xiaoping called for the smooth transfer of hong kong to beijing in a rare message given for the lunar new year .
philippine consumer prices in january rose a modest #.# percent from a year earlier despite a rise in domestic oil prices over the past six months , officials said wednesday .
a record three million people are expected to cross into china from hong kong to celebrate lunar new year holidays on the mainland , prompting police warnings wednesday of border queues .
a ##-year-old man , nicknamed the `` spiderman of kowloon '' for his highrise crimes , has been sent back behind bars for ##-years for drug - trafficking , to add to more than ## years in jail for earlier burglaries .
blue chips led the australian share market to a #.#-percent rise wednesday in quiet trading .
four vietnamese asylum seekers and their families , totalling ## people , were ordered released by a judge here wednesday who said their prospects of being accepted back by hanoi were dim .
the philippines ' base metals mineral resources corp. is to spend #.# billion pesos -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- on exploration and mine restoration in #### , a company official said wednesday .
president bill clinton called on all americans to respect the unanimous jury verdict passed in a civil trial against us football legend o.j. simpson , the white house said .
nobel laureate jose ramos horta urged australia wednesday to press for an end to the continuing conflict in east timor by proposing measures such as a permanent un presence in the province .
japanese consumer electronics giant sony corp. said wednesday that higher sales and the weaker yen helped double group profit in the three months to december and put it on track for a record year .
the rand dipped slightly against the dollar in early trade here wednesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback from tuesday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
four us servicemen were missing wednesday after a us navy plane crashed into the mediterranean during joint israeli-us maneuvers , the jerusalem post reported .
president bill clinton called on all americans to respect the unanimous jury verdict passed in a civil trial against us football legend o.j. simpson , the white house said .
senior police officers from dubai in the united arab emirates will travel to sydney next week to discuss training cooperation with the new south wales police department , the australian consulate said wednesday .
a baby boy born on the eastern island of lombok was officially proclaimed wednesday as indonesia 's ### millionth inhabitant .
thailand 's central bank said wednesday it expected to achieve its #### target for gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- growth of #.# percent despite planned government spending cuts .
a chinese government report has accused unnamed neighbors of using processing trade to inflate their trade imbalances and justify the introduction of trade barriers against china .
israel prepared to bury and mourn its dead wednesday after ## soldiers were killed in a mid-air collision between two army helicopters , the deadliest military accident in the country 's history .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average dampened by declines among bank and securities shares , brokers said .
the indian government was urged here wednesday to establish training centres for handicapped children in a bid to stop them being exported as professional beggars .
malaysia could set up a `` national service '' system of summer camps aimed at cleaning up the morals of the country 's youth , prime minister mahathir mohamad said wednesday .
one of north korea 's top old-guard generals , thae <unk> , has died of illness in pyongyang at the age of ## , north korea 's official media said wednesday .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange wednesday as late profit-taking eroded an early gain amid an uncertain market <unk> , dealers said .
thousands of soldiers backed by tanks and air cover advanced into territory held by tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka on wednesday on the second day of a major offensive , officials said .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange wednesday as late profit-taking eroded an early gain amid an uncertain market <unk> , dealers said .
india 's communist parties are preparing a campaign calling for the country 's rich to be hit by new taxes in this month 's budget , officials said wednesday .
chinese police have smashed a syndicate which was printing and selling fake train tickets allowing passengers to travel all over the country from southern china , it was reported wednesday .
hong kong share prices rose #.# percent on wednesday on bargain hunting ahead of the lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
hong kong share prices rose #.# percent on wednesday on <unk> hunting ahead of lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
south african president nelson mandela said his country will sell weapons to syria in defiance of any threats to impose sanctions , the arab newspaper al-hayat reported on wednesday .
the chiefs of two major south korean banks were arrested wednesday on charges of taking bribes in return for extending preferential loans to the debt-stricken hanbo group , prosecutors said .
chechen president-elect aslan maskhadov was not consulted on the decision to expel osce mission chief tim <unk> from chechnya , the outgoing vice-president of the breakaway republic told itar-tass news agency wednesday .
china on wednesday congratulated pakistan 's nawaz sharif and his pakistan muslim league for their landslide victory in the general elections .
hong kong share prices rose #.# percent over a holiday-shortened week to wednesday on expectations that us interest rates would remain unchanged , dealers said .
gold closed lower here wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the dollar rose above ### yen for the first time in almost four years in mid-afternoon trading here wednesday .
iran on wednesday confirmed it has arrested dissident writer faraj <unk> , whose disappearance had aroused concern in western nations , as he was trying to leave the country .
new golf superstar tiger woods was taken ill on the first day of a high profile trip to thailand wednesday and had to quit a pro-am tournament .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin headed to washington on wednesday to prepare for the upcoming summit between us president bill clinton and his russian counterpart boris yeltsin , officials here said .
us-based intel corp. , the world 's largest computer microchip maker , is to embark on a three-year expansion program costing up to ### million dollars in the philippines , an official said wednesday .
lost production at japan 's toyota motor corp. after a fire at a key parts factory halted assembly lines is expected to cost up to ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in output , analysts said wednesday .
japan 's mitsubishi motors corp. is to suspend part of its production this week due to fire at a key parts supplier , suffering output declines totaling #,### units , a company spokeswoman said wednesday .
a thai property developer has failed pay #.# million dollars in outstanding interest due wednesday on a euro convertible <unk> issue , the company 's financial advisor said wednesday .
the head of india 's central bank warned the government wednesday that privatising the country 's public sector should not be seen as a sale of the `` family silver '' , the press trust of india reported .
the bundesbank withdrew a net amount of #.# billion marks -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- from the banking system at a steady fixed rate of #.# percent under a regular ##-day repurchase arrangement on wednesday .
malaysia 's key stock index closed #.# percent higher wednesday as foreign funds snapped up key blue chips on the last trading day of the week , brokers said .
nippon credit bank ltd. -lrb- ncb -rrb- said wednesday it had submitted restructuring plans to the finance ministry and the bank of japan , but denied rumors it was going bankrupt .
the hong kong government wednesday unveiled its post-colonial badges for uniformed officers which will be ready for officers to make a last-minute change of insignia when chinese rule begins in july .
indonesia 's consumer prices in january rose #.## percent from the previous month , giving a year-on-year inflation rate of #.## percent , information minister harmoko said wednesday .
western samoa 's finance minister , tuilaepa sailele malielegaoi , said tuesday the south pacific island nation 's tala currency would be exchangeable overseas from march # .
sudan has told a visiting delegation of egyptian opposition leaders it wants to improve strained relations with cairo and that the fighting along sudan 's eastern border threatens egypt 's security .
us ambassador to france pamela harriman was still in intensive care wednesday ## hours after suffering a stroke , the us embassy here said .
a rwandan driver who was injured in an ambush in which four un human rights observers were killed succumbed to his injuries wednesday , un sources in kigali said .
chinese foreign minister qian qichen chose stability as the main theme of his annual lunar new year address wednesday to overseas chinese in hong kong , macau and taiwan .
the philippine military tightened security on wednesday around church leaders in the southern island of jolo after the killing of a roman catholic bishop , officials said .
italy insisted that it would qualify as a founder of a single european currency , in an angry statement on wednesday in reaction to suggestions that it would be offered a <unk> compromise .
official iraqi newspapers published photographs on wednesday showing president saddam hussein and his wife <unk> watching over their son uday who was wounded in a recent assassination attempt .
the taliban religious militia said wednesday they would rather negotiate with opposition leader abdul karim khalili than fight his hezb-i-wahdat shia party based in central bamyan province .
zaire rebel chief laurent-desire kabila said wednesday in goma that his forces were making progress on all fronts in their fight against the zairean government army .
eastern china 's anhui province , among the worst-hit in last year 's catastrophic floods , has spent one billion yuan -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- on water-control projects to avert a repetition of the disaster , the china daily said wednesday .
indonesia posted a ###.# million dollar trade surplus in november , down ##.# percent from october , information minister harmoko said wednesday .
the murder of a roman catholic bishop in the philippines ' islamic heartland will not affect peace talks with moslem rebels or investments in the troubled south , president fidel ramos said wednesday .
local officials in the central philippine island of negros wednesday launched a drive against poachers after two dead dolphins with gaping wounds were washed ashore here , the mayor said .
nippon credit bank ltd. -lrb- ncb -rrb- dismissed as `` groundless '' rumors it was going bankrupt and said it had the support of the finance ministry and the bank of japan .
us and un officials have found new evidence that iraq is conducting research into long-range missiles in defiance of un resolutions , the washington post said wednesday .
the hong kong government wednesday unveiled its post-colonial badges for uniformed officers which will be ready for officers to make a last-minute change of insignia when chinese rule begins in july .
the zambian government on wednesday said it had contained the deadly bubonic and pneumonic plague which recently hit central zambia .
malaysia 's key stock index closed #.# percent higher wednesday as foreign funds snapped up key blue chips on the last trading day of the week .
irish detectives probing the december murder of a leading french film producer 's wife on wednesday appealed to a mystery caller who telephoned with `` useful '' information but was cut off and never called back .
bulgaria appeared to have settled back to normal on wednesday after the ruling socialists gave in to opposition demands for early elections , heading off a tense showdown after a month of mass anti- government protests .
pope john paul ii canceled his weekly general audience and other appointments on wednesday as he is stricken with the flu , vatican officials said .
share prices here advanced slightly early on wednesday , underpinned by wall street 's reversal of early losses overnight , although caution remained ahead of the monthly british monetary meeting later in the day .
official iraqi newspapers published photographs on wednesday showing president saddam hussein and his wife <unk> watching over their son uday who was wounded in an assassination attempt eight weeks ago .
cypriot president glafcos clerides , whose decision to buy russian anti-aircraft missiles sparked threats of attack by turkey , has left open the option on whether to base greek warplanes on the divided island .
a sudanese war plane violated ugandan air space near the two countries ' border this week , state-owned new vision newspaper reported wednesday .
malaysia could set up a `` national service '' system of summer camps aimed at cleaning up the morals of the country 's youth , prime minister mahathir mohamad said wednesday .
russian deputies on wednesday passed a law stating that art works seized in germany by the red army during world war ii and brought back to russia constituted russian property , the parliamentary press service said .
french authorities on wednesday successfully lifted a derailed train carrying nuclear waste from where it crashed off a train line in eastern france , saying there had been no leaks .
malaysia 's government on wednesday released and banished to remote areas ## former members of an outlawed islamic sect held for six months under the country 's powerful internal security act .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the jakarta stock exchange on wednesday as foreign investors bought stock , brokers said .
pope john paul ii canceled his weekly general audience and other appointments on wednesday because he has flu , vatican officials said , but the pontiff later made a brief appearance on his balcony .
russian consumer prices rose by #.# percent in january after an increase of #.# percent in december , the state statistics committee said on wednesday .
sixty percent of british men say they would take a male contraceptive pill if one were available , according to a poll out wednesday of #,### persons , aged ## to ## , done for a family planning group .
a finnish court fined a man ##,### marks -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- for causing the death of a pregnant turtle after he stole her from a restaurant aquarium and paraded her in the streets in icy temperatures .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda said wednesday he was prepared to hold talks at foreign minister level with pakistan , the press trust of india said a day after pakistan elected a new premier .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda said wednesday he was prepared to hold talks at foreign minister level with pakistan , the press trust of india said a day after pakistan elected a new premier .
local elections in three eritrean regions that were postponed because of the moslem festival of ramadan will take place in march , official sources said wednesday .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- has expressed concern at the `` <unk> '' levels of arsenic contamination in ground water in parts of bangladesh which are threatening tens of millions of people .
lacking a regular organist in his country church in northern england , the rev neil <unk> bought a specialized karaoke machine and says his congregation is quite pleased , thank you .
zairean tutsi rebel chief laurent-desire kabila said wednesday in this eastern rebel stronghold that his forces were making progress on all fronts in their fight against the government .
asian and european ministers have agreed to avoid confrontational issues such as human rights at a meeting next week in singapore , philippine foreign undersecretary rodolfo severino said wednesday .
the dollar hit a four-year high against the yen in singapore trading wednesday amid confidence in the market that the group of seven -lrb- g# -rrb- club of rich nations would not act to correct the bullish greenback , dealers said .
three doctors arrested following claims they transplanted a pig 's heart into a man will appear in court here thursday on charges of murder , court sources said .
thai share prices fell #.# percent wednesday to a ##-month low on concerns , later confirmed , that a property developer would default on interest due to holders of a bond issue , analysts said .
the device would have done james bond proud , and may help russian police gain the upper hand in their war on bank robbers : bundles of exploding fake money .
nine senior sierra leonean civil servants have been suspended for running a payroll scam involving more than #,### ghost employees and costing the country millions of dollars , finance minister <unk> bangura told afp on wednesday .
police arrested wednesday one of the king of swaziland 's <unk> - law during a clampdown on a national three-day strike aimed at forcing constitutional reforms , activists said .
four young east timorese who had been holed up in the french embassy here left the compound late wednesday for the airport to fly on to portugal .
an iraqi kurd leader has accused baghdad of `` terrorist actions '' in northern iraq , dismissing charges from a rival faction that his group was to blame , an egyptian daily reported on wednesday .
the formerly communist cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- on wednesday expanded its new political alliance adding a faction of the divided buddhist liberal democratic party -lrb- <unk> -rrb- to the loose coalition .
the lira recovered early on wednesday from an initial sharp fall in reaction to a newspaper report that italy would not qualify as a founder member of the single european currency .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda said wednesday he was ready for foreign minister-level talks with rival pakistan , the press trust of india said a day after pakistan elected a new premier .
hong kong customs officers seized #,### kilogrammes -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of chemicals commonly used in the manufacture of the designer stimulant drug ecstasy , the government said wednesday .
four east timorese youths wednesday left the french embassy here on their way to portugal after breaking into the mission the previous day , embassy sources said .
nippon credit bank ltd. -lrb- ncb -rrb- dismissed as `` groundless '' rumors it was going bankrupt and said it had the support of the finance ministry and the bank of japan .
the bundesbank withdrew funds from the banking system on wednesday and most analysts expected it to resist pressure for a rate cut at a policy meeting on thursday despite high unemployment .
a major albanian real estate and financial company has declared bankruptcy , leaving penniless ###,### investors , press reports here said wednesday .
kazakhstan deputies have decided to set up an association to force the closure of four weapons test centers used by the russian army in the former soviet republic .
britain 's bountiful national lottery , two years and nine weeks old and one of the richest and most popular in the world , was to hold its first mid-week draw on wednesday in a blaze of fireworks and celebrities .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the jakarta stock exchange as foreign investors entered the market following a drop the previous day , dealers said .
the german government has linked its demand for a permanent seat on an expanded united nations security council to bonn 's financial contributions to the world body .
art historian rene <unk> , a member of the academie francaise and a celebrated figure in the french art world , died overnight at the age of ## , officials said wednesday .
india 's oldest man has died aged ### and was buried in a marble mausoleum he designed for himself , the press trust of india said wednesday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on wednesday while most other major asia-pacific bourses rallied .
police arrested wednesday a father-in-law of king mswati iii during a clampdown on a national three-day strike aimed at forcing constitutional reforms in swaziland , activists said .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher in a holiday - shortened week to wednesday on buying of blue chips by foreign funds .
the philippine government is preparing charges of child abuse against an hiv victim for having sexual relations with a teenage boy , local television reported wednesay .
agriculture minister douglas hogg expressed concern wednesday that britain 's european union partners , under domestic market pressure , might renege on a deal to lift a ##-month-old ban on british beef exports .
new golf superstar tiger woods was taken ill on the first day of a high profile trip to thailand wednesday and had to quit a pro-am tournament .
the amount of orders placed with german industry fell by #.# percent in december from the figure for november , provisional adjusted data from the economy ministry showed on wednesday .
russia has banned beef imports from eight irish counties and sent its own veterinary experts to ireland due to fears over `` mad cow '' disease , agriculture ministry officials told interfax news agency wednesday .
the coca-cola company announced wednesday a ## million dollar capital investment designed to double its business in zimbabwe over the next four years .
philippines actors and actresses who star in soft-porn movies could find themselves in court on prostitution charges if senators have their way .
japan 's sumitomo rubber industries ltd. said wednesday it had agreed with goodyear tire rubber company of the united states and other tire manufacturers on mutual tire supply .
burundian foreign minister luc <unk> on wednesday denied zairean allegations that his country 's tutsi-led regime had sent troops into eastern zaire to back a local tutsi rebellion .
the nigerian head of state , general sani abacha , has called for a `` collective intervention '' by african countries to halt conflicts in the great lakes region , in zaire and sudan , an official statement said .
a senior lebanese cleric has called for a crackdown against public parties serving alcohol to celebrate the festival marking the end of the moslem fasting month of ramadan .
the european union on wednesday welcomed serbian president slobodan milosevic 's move to recognize opposition local election victories .
foreign minister fares bweiz , reacting to the air crash which killed ## israeli soldiers headed for an occupied zone in south lebanon , said wednesday he hopes the jewish state has now `` learned its lesson .
the three main yugoslav opposition leaders will meet french foreign minister herve de charette on thursday , a ministry spokesman said .
thailand has told the un here that ethnic karen refugees in the north of the country who face attack from <unk> guerrillas are to be moved to safer locations , a un official said wednesday .
nigerian head of state , general sani abacha , has removed the military administrator of nigeria 's northeastern borno state , near chad , according to an official statement released here .
troops from burkina faso could join a regional peacekeeping force in liberia following a parliamentary debate on the issue here .
european airlines in the aea association increased their passenger traffic by #.# percent in #### from the figure for #### , the association said here on wednesday .
malaysia will only reopen its border post into indonesia 's kalimantan province once the ethnic violence has calmed down on the indonesian side , officials said wednesday .
three members of spain 's paramilitary civil guard have been arrested for helping to smuggle #.## tonnes of hashish into the country , the civil guard announced wednesday .
thailand 's securities and exchange commission -lrb- sec -rrb- board has approved in principle the supervisory mechanism for a planned derivatives market , the secretary-general said wednesday .
in the latest twist to a long-running dispute over stolen art treasures , russian deputies ruled wednesday that art works seized by the red army in germany at the end of world war ii constituted russian property .
chinese police have seized almost two million pirated cassettes , discs and computer programs in thousands of raids over the past year , state media said wednesday .
egyptian foreign minister amr mussa on wednesday criticised an israeli decision to sell plots of west bank land to build #,### new homes for jewish settlers this year .
foreign minister klaus kinkel on wednesday hailed the decision by serbia 's president slobodan milosevic to recognize all the opposition municipal election victories of november as `` a first positive signal '' .
spain signed an agreement wednesday to provide the palestinians with ## million dollars in low interest loans for use on infrastructure projects .
two new explosions rocked eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , on tuesday , the latest in a series of incidents in the run-up to local elections due next month , a un spokesman said wednesday .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda said wednesday the country was ready for talks with arch-rival pakistan following general elections there , the press trust of india reported .
leader of the democratic party of the left -lrb- pds -rrb- massimo d'alema was on wednesday elected head of a parliamentary committee which will draw up plans to reform the ##-year-old italian constitution .
morgan stanley group inc. and dean witter , discover co. said wednesday they will merge to create the largest us securities firm .
dozens of `` liquidators '' who cleaned up after the deadly blaze at the chernobyl nuclear power plant are on hunger strike in several russian cities to force the government to meet unpaid pensions and compensation , interfax news agency said .
at least one demonstrator was wounded when police used clubs and water cannon to break up a crowd of some #,### people demanding their money back from a real estate company that went bust in the town of vlora south of here , witnesses told afp by telephone .
a moslem militant prisoner wednesday slipped into new clothes in a men 's room at the public prosecutor 's department and escaped probably thanks to one of his defense lawyers , police sources said .
ireland was to press britain for a fresh inquiry into the #### `` bloody sunday '' massacre wednesday in a meeting here between foreign minister dick spring and northern ireland secretary patrick mayhew .
danish foreign minister niels helveg petersen on wednesday urged the belgrade leadership to begin talks with the opposition and refrain from abuse of power , following the apparent climbdown by serbian president slobodan milosevic .
a serb leader in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , has cast doubt on whether the serbs will take part in local elections scheduled for next month , in an interview published wednesday .
french engineers lifted a derailed train carrying spent nuclear waste back back on to the tracks on wednesday while authorities considered whether it was fit to continue its journey to britain .
the corruption trial of former italian premier silvio berlusconi began anew in this northern city wednesday after it was annulled last week when one of the judges , accused of being biased , stepped down .
kuwait 's court of appeal has upheld the death sentence of a man accused of killing a woman and committing necrophilia , a newspaper said wednesday .
construction of india 's largest private power plant is progressing faster than scheduled after being stalled for ## months , officials said wednesday .
asian nations warmly welcomed former premier nawaz sharif 's sweeping victory in pakistan 's elections with arch-rival india saying it was ready to talk after years of no official dialogue .
pope john paul ii canceled his weekly general audience and other appointments on wednesday because he has flu , vatican officials said , but the pontiff later made a brief appearance on his balcony .
us warplanes are to be deployed in qatar for three months , starting on february ## , under a military cooperation accord between the two countries , the foreign ministry announced wednesday .
a general strike calling for the overthrow of president abdala bucaram and a rollback of unpopular economic austerity measures got under way peacefully wednesday with widespread support .
the authorities have lifted a three-year ban on moslem public prayer in six towns of southern egypt where islamic unrest has eased , police said wednesday .
the frankfurt stock market 's dax index broke up through the #,###-point barrier for the first time ever wednesday afternoon , trading at #,###.## points at #### gmt on the ibis electronic trading market , which takes over after the official close .
south korean political and civic leaders demanded wednesday the japanese government withdraw from a `` private '' fund set up to compensate women who were forced into wartime prostitution .
the three largest swiss banks said wednesday that they would give ### million swiss francs -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- to victims of the holocaust .
a ##-year-old spaniard , dubbed `` spiderman '' by the media , was nabbed by police just as he was about to pull off his ##th robbery , press reports here said wednesday .
afghanistan 's taliban militia said wednesday the election of of nawaz sharif as neighbouring pakistan 's new prime minister would make no difference to kabul 's ties with islamabad .
an ivory coast student 's union , banned since #### , called on wednesday for a boycott of classes next week to protest the alleged detention of about ## of their colleagues .
in a new broadside against a senior aide to president boris yeltsin , lawmakers wednesday called on the russian leader to ensure that all senior civil servants declare their income .
surging defense spending after the gulf war has forced the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- to shelve a multi-billion-dollar project to build the biggest amusement park in the middle east , diplomats said .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu on wednesday visited the site in northern israel where ## soldiers were killed in a mid-air collision , plunging the small nation into mourning .
the london stock market posted a firm gain in the first half of the wednesday trading session , as operators appeared convinced that the british monetary meeting the same day would result in steady interest rates .
the chosen head of the european monetary institute , wim duisenberg , has confirmed he is a candidate for the post of european central bank chief .
at least one demonstrator was hurt wednesday , as police used clubs and water cannon to break up a crowd of some #,### people demanding their money back from a real estate company that went bust in the southern town of vlora , witnesses told afp by telephone .
a second radioactive leak was discovered at the sellafield nuclear plant in northwest england , less than ## hours after six workers were contaminated , a british nuclear fuels -lrb- bnfl -rrb- spokesman said wednesday .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu on wednesday visited the site in northern israel where ## soldiers were killed in a mid-air collision , plunging the small nation into mourning .
pakistanis staged rallies across the country wednesday to demonstrate their solidarity with the people of indian-controlled kashmir , vowing to support to their `` freedom '' struggle .
under a law that came into effect tuesday brazilians will automatically become organ donors after their deaths unless they have signed a document stating they do not wish to donate their organs .
the paris bourse set new records on wednesday in active trading , as the cac ## index stood toward #### gmt at #,###.## points , up a hefty #.## percent on the day to that point as trading continued .
around #,### families lost their homes in the two earthquakes which rocked northeast iran leaving more than ## people dead and hundreds injured , officials said wednesday .
france on wednesday welcomed an agreement brokered by bulgarian president peter stoyanov in which the governing socialist party -lrb- bsp -rrb- gave in to opposition demands for early elections in april .
nigeria 's military junta leader sani abacha <unk> speculation that he may run for the presidency , saying the matter depended on him alone , the press reported wednesday .
south africa 's first-ever participants in a nato military exercise will ski the frozen slopes of norway later this month , officials said here .
leader of the democratic party of the left -lrb- pds -rrb- massimo d'alema was on wednesday easily elected head of a parliamentary committee which will draw up ambitious plans to reform the ##-year-old italian constitution .
zairean rebel chief laurent-desire kabila said wednesday in this eastern rebel stronghold that his forces were advancing on all fronts in their campaign to topple the government .
sweden 's decision to close two nuclear reactors by #### has sparked a feisty political debate , but paradoxically also practically ensured the minority social democrats another term in office after #### .
china on wednesday hit out at two us newspapers over articles on tibet and on china 's social and political system , quoting another major us paper to support its case .
swedish bus manufacturer scania has won a ## million kronor -lrb- #.## million dollar -rrb- order from malaysian transport operator <unk> corporation for ### buses for intercity services , scania said on wednesday .
urban bus , tram and metro networks in the french provinces are expected to be disrupted from thursday in a new strike by transport workers over demands for early retirement , officials said wednesday .
a strike by railway workers brought all train services to a halt across the czech republic for a second day wednesday , and unions said the action could be extended for at least another day .
air senegal has suspended all flights after the crash of one of its planes in which ## people , mostly french tourists , died and ## others were injured , senegal 's national carrier said .
malaysian businessman heng suan lim , accused of trying to fix football games , said wednesday it was simply coincidence that he had used two goalkeepers to forecast premiership results .
the chairman of the commonwealth development corporation -lrb- cdc -rrb- , lord cairns , will visit mozambique from february # to ## , the cdc office in maputo said here .
a vengeful iranian ex-husband sent a friend infected with the hiv virus to punish his former danish wife by wooing her and taking her to bed , the daily newspaper <unk> reported wednesday .
rubber companies goodyear of the united states and sumitomo of japan have reached agreement on a strategic alliance to manufacture tires for one another in north america and japan , the companies announced wednesday .
bangladesh 's fundamentalist jamaat-e-islami party was jubilant wednesday about the result of elections in pakistani , calling on prime minister-elect nawaz sharif to bring about an `` ideal islamic state .
a suspected member of a fundamentalist shiite moslem group has been charged with insulting nigeria 's military ruler general sani abacha and other prominent officials in the ruling junta , judicial officials said wednesday .
iran criticized the turkish government on wednesday for summoning the iranian ambassador to protest his controversial remarks at a rally in an ankara suburb .
the family of a palestinian tortured to death in a palestinian prison buried him wednesday after photographing rope marks and cigarette burns on his bruised corpse , witnesses said .
the us ambassador to france pamela harriman died wednesday two days after suffering a stroke , the us embassy here said .
the tajikistan military has had a major shake-up in which four deputy defense ministers , two generals and two colonels have been sacked for incompetence and embezzlement , the president 's office said wednesday .
a ##-year-old texas woman has been sentenced to death for stabbing to death her five-year-old son , becoming only the sixth woman in the united states to face execution for murdering her child .
the european union said wednesday it would consider resuming aid to the central african republic once peace has been firmly re-established there following a mutiny .
pakistan 's <unk> minister-designate nawaz sharif said wednesday the absolute majority won by his party in the ###-member parliament would increase to ### with support from others .
a #### murder mystery that inspired the long-running tv series `` the fugitive '' and a hollywood blockbuster of the same name may have finally been solved .
a former indian army chief wednesday defended the choice of a swedish artillery gun bought under a #.#-billion-dollar arms deal , which was clouded by allegations of bribery .
the us ambassador to france , pamela harriman , died wednesday two days after suffering a stroke , the us embassy here said .
us secretary of state madeleine albright 's first foreign trip has unleashed a frenzy among <unk> vying for one of the ## seats available on her plane .
pamela harriman , the us ambassador to france and `` grande dame '' of democratic party politics whose life as a high-society celebrity spawned numerous books , died on wednesday , aged ## .
abu dhabi and its <unk> partners on wednesday awarded the consultancy contract for their major petrochemical project to a us company 's subsidiary .
here is the full text of the statement by donald k <unk> , the charge d'affaires at the us embassy in paris announcing the death of ambassador pamela harriman .
us president bill clinton paid tribute here wednesday to us ambassador to france pamela harriman , who died in paris two days after suffering a stroke .
a suspected member of a fundamentalist shiite moslem group has been charged with insulting nigeria 's military ruler general sani abacha and other prominent officials in the ruling junta , judicial officials said wednesday .
a meeting at which irish foreign minister dick spring was to have pressed northern ireland secretary patrick mayhew for a new inquiry into the #### `` bloody sunday '' massacre was canceled at the last minute wednesday .
a second radioactive leak was discovered at the sellafield nuclear plant in northwest england , less than ## hours after six workers were contaminated , a british nuclear fuels -lrb- bnfl -rrb- spokesman said wednesday .
china on wednesday hit out at two us newspapers over articles on tibet and on china 's social and political system , quoting another major us paper to support its case .
the dow gained significantly early wednesday amid trading that remained cautious as dealers awaited the conclusion later in the day of the fed 's open market <unk> meeting that was expected to leave interest rates unchanged .
the tajik government on wednesday dismissed four deputy defense ministers , two army generals and two colonels for offences ranging from indiscipline and embezzlement , the presidency said .
norwegian kai eide has been named coordinator of un operations in bosnia , according to documents published here wednesday .
the flemish regional parliament voted wednesday almost unanimously for a partial lifting of the parliamentary immunity of its president , guy <unk> , in connection with a corruption scandal .
a court in kosovo , serbia 's troubled albanian-majority province , has sentenced a serbian man to ## years ' imprisonment for killing an albanian , the defense lawyer told afp wednesday .
forty thousand rwandan refugees have fled the <unk> camp in eastern zaire ahead of advancing rebels who took a nearby town , the un high commissioner for refugees said wednesday .
us factory orders , led by declines in those for electronic goods , communications and electrical equipment , fell #.# percent in december after a revised #.# percent decline in november , the commerce department reported wednesday .
the iran-backed hezbollah demanded wednesday that beirut expel the us ambassador for calling on the lebanese not to celebrate the deaths of ## israeli soldiers in a mid-air collision .
swiss railways have abandoned plans to display a golden locomotive in the center of bern to commemorate the network 's ###th anniversary because of the furore over unclaimed jewish gold , a spokesman said wednesday .
german defense minister volker ruehe formally placed german troops in bosnia under the command of nato 's peacekeeping force wednesday , marking their first full participation in a multinational military body .
morgan stanley group incorporated and dean witter , discover company announced wednesday they would merge to create the largest us securities firm .
german finance minister theo waigel and his russian counterpart , alexander livshits , signed an agreement on wednesday in bonn to reschedule the former soviet debt to germany , the german finance ministry announced in a communique .
us navy ships and aircraft searched wednesday for four crew members of a us submarine hunter plane that vanished over the eastern mediterranean while on a routine mission near israel , navy spokesmen said .
two small explosions occurred wednesday in a shopping center in the northern port city of haifa but caused no injuries , israel radio reported .
a sudanese war plane violated ugandan air space near the two countries ' border this week , ugandan defense minister amama mbabazi said in a statement .
heads of government and opposition leaders from ## african commonwealth countries will hold a four-day democracy roundtable in botswana this month , the commonwealth secretariat said wednesday .
colombian troops launched a massive assault against communist rebels wednesday after three days of bitter fighting that left at least ## dead in a mountainous area ## kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- east of bogota .
south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission said wednesday that it is probing allegations that prominent black activist steve biko was poisoned before he died in police custody in #### .
three vietnamese were given jail sentences wednesday for their part in a massive traffic in untaxed cigarettes in eastern germany .
french president jacques chirac said wednesday he would campaign for romania to be one of the first four or five eastern european countries to join nato .
high society reckons it is too <unk> , politicians have found excuses to stay away and even the host says it is pointless -- but sarah ferguson , duchess of york , will still dance a viennese waltz .
the african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- vowed wednesday to uncover the full truth about the #### murder of communist leader chris hani , after new revelations on the affair .
the dollar wednesday gained against other main currencies , except the pound sterling , as traders here awaited the conclusion later in the day of the federal reserve 's open market committee meeting .
ailing hungarian prime minister gyula horn has ` flu and has canceled a four-day visit to canada that was to start sunday , officials said wednesday .
the united states has criticized ghana 's human rights record in an annual state department report made available in accra on wednesday .
the foreign ministers of the five nordic countries strongly urged the serb authorities to avoid the use of violence and to comply with democratic principles at a meeting on wednesday in oslo .
more than #,### taxi drivers from across bosnia gathered in sarajevo tuesday night for the funeral of the second driver to be kidnapped and killed in a month .
us president bill clinton paid tribute here wednesday to us ambassador to france pamela harriman , who died in paris two days after suffering a stroke .
south africa 's medicines control council -lrb- mcc -rrb- on wednesday ordered the suspension of human and animal tests of the aids drug virodene p### after research showed it could cause cancer and severe liver damage .
fireworks exploding in an upmarket shopping center in this northern israeli port sparked a bomb scare wednesday , but caused no injuries or damage , police said .
a top ecuadoran official was planning a coup against president abdala bucaram , the number two in the government claimed wednesday , as a massive protest against the government got under way .
french president jacques chirac praised us ambassador to france pamela harriman as a `` great us ambassador and a great lady '' after she died wednesday .
sudanese rebels on wednesday welcomed an offer by the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- to mediate an end to the civil war but vowed to push ahead with a campaign to overthrow the regime .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- is planning to turn its main gas treatment plant into the world 's biggest <unk> facility , an official report said on wednesday .
zairean rebel chief laurent-desire kabila said wednesday in this eastern rebel stronghold that his forces were advancing on all fronts in their campaign to topple the government .
the leader of italy 's main left-wing party was on wednesday easily elected head of a parliamentary committee which will draw up ambitious plans to reform the country 's ##-year-old constitution .
the milan stock market jumped by #.## percent on wednesday , despite polemics over whether italy will be in the first group of eu countries to take part in the single currency , a debate refueled by an article in the wednesday financial times .
benazir bhutto 's pakistan people 's party -lrb- ppp -rrb- wednesday alleged the general elections in which it suffered a humiliating defeat were rigged but said it would not pursue the matter .
explosives experts have begun blowing up a <unk> underground complex of bunkers in berlin probably used by alfred speer , adolf hitler 's architect .
north korea remains a serious military threat to south korea and washington is concerned the stalinist regime could either `` implode '' or `` explode '' with unpredictable consequences , top us intelligence officials said here wednesday .
the tiny hardline party led by mirjana markovic , wife of serbian president slobodan milosevic , praised police wednesday for their restraint in the face of a wave of anti-government street protests .
egyptian state security court prosecutors decided wednesday to keep ## `` satan worshippers '' in detention for another ## days while releasing ## others , a judicial source said .
the iranian-backed hezbollah said a mid-air collision that killed ## israeli soldiers heading for lebanon was divine intervention that spared the country from a new israeli offensive .
the us ambassador to paris , pamela harriman , a british-born aristocrat turned diplomat and personal friend of president bill clinton , died wednesday two days after suffering a stroke , the us embassy said .
some ##,### rwandan refugees have fled makeshift camps in <unk> , eastern zaire , after hearing that advancing rebels had captured a nearby town , the un refugee agency said wednesday .
un officials wednesday named the five human rights observers killed in an ambush in rwanda , as humanitarian relief groups tried to come to terms with what appears to be a campaign to force them out of the country .
in the latest twist to a long-running dispute over stolen art treasures , russian deputies ruled wednesday that works seized by the red army in germany at the end of world war ii are russian property .
serbia 's three opposition leaders have accepted an invitation to come to london at the end of february to meet foreign secretary malcolm rifkind , the foreign office said wednesday .
the french authorities on wednesday allowed a train carrying spent nuclear fuel to resume its journey to britain after it derailed near here the previous day .
president bill clinton called prime minister benjamin netanyahu on wednesday to express his sympathy over the helicopter collision that killed ## israeli soldiers .
the united nations wants the rwandan government to provide military escorts for un personnel outside kigali following the murder of five human rights monitors , a un spokesman said here wednesday .
a former undersecretary of defense who currently serves as us ambassador to india is being tipped to succeed pamela harriman as washington 's envoy to paris , officials said wednesday .
the serbian government wednesday sent parliament a bill recognizing opposition victories in disputed local elections , the state-run news agency tanjug said .
nato secretary-general javier solana said wednesday he did not believe turkey would veto the alliance 's eastward expansion plans despite its reservations .
the serbian government wednesday sent parliament a bill reinstating opposition wins in disputed local elections , including the race for the belgrade city council , state-run media said .
russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov will visit norway february ##-## for talks on bilateral cooperation and nato expansion , the norwegian foreign ministry said on wednesday .
a group of armed tajik rebels on wednesday took seven people hostage , including four russian journalists and two red cross workers , itar - tass news agency said , quoting the un mission in dushanbe .
the steel subsidiary of germany 's krupp group , krupp <unk> stahl , decided wednesday to invest ### million marks over about two years on a plan to modernize its blast furnaces that will result in axing #,### jobs .
french president jacques chirac sent messages of condolence wednesday to israeli president ezer weizman and prime minister benjamin netanyahu , expressing the `` full solidarity of france , '' after a midair collision of military helicopters that left ## dead on tuesday in israel .
a former undersecretary of defense who now serves as us ambassador to india is tipped to succeed the late pamela harriman as washington 's envoy to paris , officials said wednesday .
un special envoy han sung-joo wrapped up a week-long mission to cyprus wednesday and said the time was not yet ripe for direct talks between the leaders of the divided mediterranean island .
the mid-air crash which killed ## israeli soldiers was a sign from god , who grants moslems ' wishes on the `` night of destiny '' when the moslem holy book was received , an egyptian islamist group said wednesday .
us computer billionaire bill gates on wednesday inaugurated the paris exhibition of a celebrated manuscript by leonardo da vinci , using hi - tech computer wizardry to enable youngsters to access the artistic thoughts of the renaissance genius .
one little-known but perhaps historically crucial diplomatic role played by us ambassador pamela harriman emerged wednesday , as us and french officials paid tribute to her after she died from a stroke .
a man who had sex with his <unk> 's bitch was given a suspended four-month jail sentence here on wednesday and ordered to undergo medical treatment .
federal reserve policymakers on wednesday decided to leave short-term us interest rates unchanged .
israeli police wednesday questioned prime minister benjamin netanyahu 's closest aide about an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would reduce charges against a former mp , police said .
a fire at a saint petersburg library early wednesday destroyed nearly #,### rare books dating from the ##th to ##th centuries , the interfax news agency reported .
federal reserve policymakers on wednesday acknowledged the us economy 's uneventful and essentially inflation-free growth and decided to leave short-term interest rates unchanged .
un agencies on wednesday announed they would temporarily pull out aid teams from four areas of western rwanda , following the murder of five human rights observers .
a french sailor 's dream of circumnavigating the globe was shattered wednesday when her ## metre -lrb- ## foot -rrb- yacht ran aground in heavy seas off south africa 's notorious wild coast .
rebel soldiers have plunged the south of congo , including the country 's second and third largest cities pointe-noire and <unk> , into darkness by cutting the regional electricity supply , sources said wednesday .
amid rising tensions in eastern slavonia , the final serb-held part of croatia , international envoys urged both sides wednesday to stick to agreements over its eventual return to zagreb control .
all directors of china 's troubled state-owned firms will be forced to sit a `` know-how test '' this year to establish if they are qualified for their jobs , the official xinhua news agency reported wednesday .
the european union on wednesday urged niger 's military junta , led by general ibrahim bare mainassara , to ease up on the opposition and respect the principles of democracy .
president bill clinton paid tribute to us ambassador to france pamela harriman who died wednesday , describing her as `` one of the most unusual and gifted people i have ever met .
africa 's brain drain , which has sucked #.# million of the continent 's best economists and scientists to industrialised nations , should be reversed , a conference was told here wednesday .
french president jacques chirac announced plans for a `` solemn homage '' to the us ambassador to france pamela harriman following her death wednesday and lauded her as a `` great us ambassador and a great lady .
the un refugee agency will try to return a group of ## moslem families to stolac , a croat-controlled town in southern bosnia , on february ## , a unhcr official said wednesday .
kenyan president daniel arap moi on wednesday received a special message from libyan leader moamer khadafi , the official kenya news agency -lrb- kna -rrb- reported .
german defense minister volker ruehe formally put german troops in bosnia under nato command wednesday , heralding their first full participation in a multinational military body .
eu justice and interior ministers meeting informally here wednesday promised cooperation to tackle organised crime , but differed over how close they should work together .
the timing of a visit to russia by indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda will depend on the health of russian president boris yeltsin , interfax reported wednesday , citing an indian embassy official here .
a ukrainian plant has finished the first batch of tanks which are being produced for export to pakistan , the interfax news agency reported .
amid rising tensions in eastern slavonia , the final serb-held part of croatia , international envoys urged both sides wednesday to stick to agreements over its eventual return to zagreb control .
defense minister yitzhak mordechai excluded wednesday a unilateral withdrawal of israeli troops from south lebanon , a day after two military helicopters headed to the region collided , killing ## soldiers .
a us soldier serving with the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- in bosnia died on wednesday at the us base camp mcgovern , an sfor spokesman said .
mozambique 's main opposition party , renamo , protested wednesday against the involvement of foreign police in a four-nation operation to recover stolen cars .
greece is to officially commemorate the genocide of almost the entire jewish community of salonica , murdered by the nazis in world war ii , deputy foreign minister george papandreou said wednesday .
colombian troops said they regained control of a mountainous area east of bogota wednesday in a massive assault against rebels following three days of bitter <unk> that left at least ## dead .
profits of chinese state investment vehicle citic -lrb- china international trust and investment corporation -rrb- increased more than ## percent in #### , the official xinhua news agency reported wednesday .
china wednesday launched an angry two-pronged attack against the us , dismissing reports by the state department and two major newspapers and issuing its own damning assessments of its critics .
designating kinshasa 's neighbors by name for the first time , the us state department on wednesday said uganda , rwanda and burundi must stay out of eastern zaire .
air senegal is to resume its flights after the crash of one of its planes in which ## people , mostly french tourists , died , using an atr aircraft loaned by air <unk> , the company announced wednesday .
pressure for the resignation of president abdala bucaram mounted wednesday with ecuadorans holding massive protests to demand his overthrow and politicians maneuvering to succeed him .
a total of ## estonian drug traffickers were arrested in finland last year , the baltic news service said in a report monitored here .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin arrived at andrews air force base near here wednesday for a three-day visit to washington and chicago , a russian embassy official said .
china wednesday launched a spirited defense of its conduct in tibet , dismissing us government and media criticism and allegations of human rights abuses as `` vicious attacks '' against beijing .
the united nations mission in tajikistan issued a formal statement wednesday condemning the kidnapping of five of its members and seven other people .
the united states and canada have agreed to resume negotiations to resolve a dispute over pacific salmon , the state department said wednesday .
a judicial inquiry into claims about cash payments to irish politicians , their relatives and friends over a ten-year period by a former supermarket tycoon , was announced wednesday by the government .
the bodies of two united nations human rights observers killed in an ambush in rwanda were brought late wednesday from kigali to nairobi where their families were due to arrive thursday .
the united states welcomed wednesday an agreement to hold early elections in bulgaria , saying that it will allow leaders to focus on urgent steps needed to address the economic crisis .
the dollar ended lower against major european currencies but stronger against the japanese yen in trading wednesday .
global media conglomerate news corp. said thursday its net profit after abnormals fell #.# percent from a year earlier to ### million australian dollars -lrb- ###.# million us -rrb- in the six months to december .
world bank president james wolfensohn will begin a nine-day trip to four african countries on saturday to review bank-funded projects , it was announced here wednesday .
the dow jones index of blue-chip stocks fell sharply wednesday before recovering somewhat to close ##.## points lower at #,###.## .
actor hugh grant drew the numbers wednesday in the first mid-week draw of britain 's national lottery , two years and nine weeks old and one of the richest and most popular in the world .
pressure for the resignation of president abdala bucaram mounted wednesday with ecuadorans holding massive protests to demand his overthrow and politicians maneuvering to succeed him .
king hassan ii of morocco late wednesday met in the royal palace with zaire 's president mobutu sese seko who has been visiting here for two days .
the british museum , the royal academy of dramatic arts and the national gallery of ireland will benefit from the settlement of a legal dispute over royalties from the musical `` my fair lady , '' a high court judge was told here wednesday .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading thursday , down from ###.## yen in new york late wednesday and compared with ###.##-## yen here late wednesday .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the united states on wednesday rejected a french proposal to hold a five-nation summit in paris to define nato relations with russia .
europe is asking iran for news about the fate of dissident writer and journalist faraj <unk> , but it has yet to get a response , an eu official said wednesday .
four ##-year-olds who tried to rob a bank as part of a school exercise to study the impact of crime have been expelled and the course scrapped , a school official said thursday .
a peruvian woman who is three months pregnant was arrested by police at this city 's international airport carrying half a kilo of cocaine in her stomach , officials said wednesday .
pro-islamist mps again saved turkish foreign minister tansu ciller on wednesday of a parliamentary inquiry into corruption allegations leveled against her , the domestic anatolia news agency reported .
the leader of a french association of relatives of victims of the july ## crash of twa flight ### off new york 's long island said wednesday he had been questioned by agents from the us federal bureau of investigation -lrb- fbi -rrb- .
the united states on wednesday expressed `` concern '' over the situation in ecuador , where a general strike has paralyzed the country .
official statistics showing that wages grew by #.# percent in the three months to november decreased the likelihood of an interest rate cut in the near future , economists said thursday .
sony corp. 's share price was sharply higher in early trading on the tokyo stock exchange thursday on renewed active buying support in the wake of its stronger-than-expected third quarter earnings , brokers said .
swiss insurers said wednesday they would join the ### million swiss franc -lrb- ## million dollar -rrb- fund being set up by switzerland 's three biggest banks to compensate holocaust victims .
south korean prosecutors on thursday summoned another two banking heads and a former bank chief for questioning on whether they had received kickbacks in return for loans to the troubled hanbo group , officials said .
south korean prosecutors on thursday summoned another two banking heads and a former bank chief for questioning on whether they had received kickbacks in return for loans to the troubled hanbo group , officials said .
the french senate accepted the possibility late wednesday of taking digital fingerprints of all non-eu nationals who apply for residency papers to live in france .
nearly a million illegal immigrants have flooded into russia from outside the borders of the erstwhile soviet union , the itar-tass news agency reported thursday , citing a russian official .
japan 's sony corp. is to invest about ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to build a new #.## micron microchip line capable of handling eight-inch -lrb- <unk> -rrb- wafers , an official said thursday .
sotheby 's , the oldest and biggest firm of auctioneers in the world , has said it has suspended senior staff members after allegations of involvement in smuggling italian art treasures to london .
the northern indian state of punjab , rocked for years by a sikh rebellion , goes to the polls friday to elect a provincial legislature widely expected to be dominated by a <unk> alliance .
share prices were lower on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday morning , with the nikkei stock average falling ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
share prices were lower on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday morning , with the nikkei stock average falling ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
two zoo keepers in central china 's wuhan city have been arrested for killing and eating a rare species of european deer , it was reported thursday .
hong kong citizens who want to leave the territory before it is handed back to china should look to countries other than australia for asylum , particularly britain , an australian parliamentarian said thursday .
a man who was refused entry to an adult category movie although he was ## years old fought bit one of four policemen sent to deal with him , a court heard .
indonesian satellite carrier pt indonesia satellite corp -lrb- indosat -rrb- announced a ## percent increase in its net profit for the full year #### to ###.# billion rupiah -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , a report said thursday .
japan 's toyota motor corp. could lose more than ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in operating profit due to a fire at its main brake parts supplier , a private research institute said thursday .
indonesian authorities suspect four men of inciting a violent riot in the west java town of tasikmalaya last december which left four people dead , a report said thursday .
security forces pushed deep into tamil tiger territory in northern sri lanka as their latest offensive entered its third day thursday , officials here said .
hong kong 's #### tourism receipts rose ##.# percent from the previous year to ##.# billion hong kong dollars -lrb- ##.## billion us -rrb- , official figures showed thursday .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower thursday , partly due to a fall on wall street , analysts said .
president abdala bucaram late wednesday promised to make corrections to his government as a general strike paralyzed the nation and threatened his presidency .
south korea 's central bank said thursday it would cut the proportion of deposits that domestic banks must keep in reserve by #.# percentage points this month .
indonesian satellite carrier pt indonesia satellite corp -lrb- indosat -rrb- said thursday net profits rose ## percent from a year earlier to ###.# billion rupiah -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- in #### .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda on thursday promised to resume talks with arch-rival pakistan immediately after premier-elect nawaz sharif forms a government .
a court sentenced a former bank chief thursday to three years in prison on graft charges , sounding the alarm over deep-rooted corruption in south korea 's financial sector .
roman catholic church officials in the southern philippine town of jolo called off church services to pressure the government into solving the killing of its bishop , an official said thursday .
tension was running high thursday in a flashpoint district of this indonesian provincial capital amid mounting fears of a fresh outbreak of ethnic violence .
a respected tibetan scholar and two of his students have been killed in an attack near the dalai lama 's seat of power in india , newspapers said thursday .
bangladesh has devalued its taka currency against the us dollar by #.## taka -lrb- #.## us cents -rrb- to raise the competitiveness of exports , central bank officials said thursday .
the dollar rose to as high as ###.## yen before easing slightly here thursday , with renewed buying seen by both us funds and domestic investors , dealers said .
a court sentenced a former bank chief thursday to three years in prison on graft charges , sounding the alarm over deep-rooted corruption in south korea 's financial sector .
india 's largest business house , the bombay-based tata group , announced here thursday the launch of a company to sell computerised information technology to indian companies .
japan 's nec corp. said thursday it had developed the world 's largest - capacity memory device , a four gigabit -lrb- <unk> -rrb- dynamic random access memory -lrb- dram -rrb- microchip .
strong performances by blue-chip stocks helped the australian share market defy a fall on wall street to close only marginally lower , brokers said .
chinese authorities took their anti-smoking stance to a new level thursday , effectively branding the country 's multi-billion-dollar tobacco business a pariah industry .
a bill that provides tougher penalties for drug crimes was wednesday introduced in the territory 's legislature .
a former indian beauty queen was among six women arrested in the indian capital following a police undercover operation to break a call girl ring , officials said thursday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on thursday , with the nikkei stock average hit by futures-led selling and declines among bank shares , brokers said .
an indonesian activist caught with copies of a banned magazine of an independent journalists ' group faces six years in jail for defaming the president , a report said thursday .
oceania national olympic committees called thursday for the australian government to maintain its radio australia shortwave service .
former us president ronald reagan , who suffers from alzheimers disease , was expected to quietly celebrate his ##th birthday thursday .
a record number of asian visitors was expected here for lunar new year as the `` hanson factor '' had a minimal effect on tourism , a tourist industry official said thursday .
four sisters who claim the boomerang logo for the sydney #### olympics was copied from their work took their case to the federal court thursday .
some ###,### people have fallen sick with the flu and respiratory diseases in belarus since the epidemic broke out in the republic , itar-tass reported citing a health official .
the rand opened at its strongest level since october , quoting #.#### \/ ## against the dollar in early trade here thursday , from wednesday 's close of #.#### .
foreign insurance companies hoping to break into the indian market have been offered a ray of hope by a decision to allow four overseas firms to set up offices in the country .
some ### armed tribal guerrillas surrendered in the northeastern indian state of tripura following a crackdown by federal troops , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- said thursday .
round-the-world british yachtsman tony bullimore said thursday the proceeds from any product endorsements that flow in from his dramatic rescue last month would go to a naval charity .
former western australian labor premier brian burke was accused in court here thursday of using more than ###,### australian dollars -lrb- ##,### us -rrb- of party funds to buy stamps for his own collection .
the australian share market defied a drop on wall street to close only marginally lower thursday , helped by a surge in a major banking stock .
a <unk> jewellery production company , myanmar <unk> , has won two international trade awards which the junta hailed thursday as the dawn of world recognition for burmese producers .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on thursday , with the nikkei stock average hit by futures-led selling and declines among bank stocks , brokers said .
malaysia may ban the entry of foreigners and blacklist those who frequently travel to neighbouring countries to renew their social visit passes , a report said thursday .
first offenders face a jail term of up to ## years under proposed toughened penalties for drug offences introduced to the territory 's legislature wednesday .
israel 's chief rabbis called for a day of fasting and prayers at jerusalem 's wailing wall on thursday as funerals continued for ## soldiers killed in israel 's worst military accident .
russia backs the idea of a five-nation summit in spring to define its future relations with nato , kremlin spokesman sergei yastrzhembsky said thursday , quoted by interfax news agency .
the two earthquakes which rocked northwest iran killed at least ## people and left hundreds injured , according to an official toll published on thursday .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange thursday amid prevailing expectations of improving liquidity after lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
india 's oldest hotel plans to tie up with the india tourism development corp. -lrb- <unk> -rrb- after failing to join hands with a french company , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said thursday .
the us state department has rejected a french bid to hold a five - nation summit that would define nato relations with russia and pave the way for nato expansion at a madrid summit in july .
nine radical students were sentenced thursday to jail terms between two-and-a-half and five years after being found guilty of murder during violent campus protests last year .
japan 's nec corp. said thursday it had developed the world 's largest - capacity memory device , a four gigabit -lrb- <unk> -rrb- dynamic random access memory -lrb- dram -rrb- microchip .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange thursday amid expectations of improving liquidity after lunar new year holidays , dealers said .
tajik president emomali rakhmonov on thursday sent the head of his presidential guard to negotiate with armed rebels holding ## people hostage , including five un workers , one of whom is seriously ill .
round-the-world british yachtsman tony bullimore said thursday the proceeds from any product endorsements that flow in from his dramatic rescue last month would go to a naval charity .
police arrested three men suspected of terrorism and evacuated about ### houses in a town southwest of belfast early thursday as part of a vast overnight security operation .
iran lashed out at germany on thursday for seeking information on the detained iranian writer faraj <unk> , saying bonn was `` interfering '' in the internal affairs of the islamic republic .
premier li peng greeted the impending lunar new year on thursday by calling for <unk> work in restructuring the economy and developing `` socialist culture and ethics .
tension was running high thursday in a flashpoint district of this indonesian provincial capital amid mounting fears of a fresh outbreak of ethnic violence .
south korean share prices gained #.# percent in a four-day trading week shortened by the lunar new year 's holidays .
roman catholic church officials in the southern philippine town of jolo have suspended church services to put pressure on the government to solve the murder of their bishop , an official said thursday .
the indian government thursday promised not to challenge a court order closing down ##,### polluting factories in new delhi despite fears of largescale unemployment .
egyptian president hosni mubarak telephoned israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to offer his condolences over the death of ## soldiers in israel 's worst military accident , al-ahram newspaper said thursday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on thursday , while other major asia-pacific bourses were mixed in thin trade ahead of lunar new year holidays .
japan 's toyota motor corp. could lose more than ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in operating profit due to a fire at its main brake parts supplier , a private research institute said thursday .
left-wing groups in the philippines on thursday asked the supreme court to stop the government from fully deregulating the oil industry from saturday , a legislator said .
the dollar rose against the yen in tokyo thursday , hitting ###.## yen for the first time in nearly ## months , with renewed buying seen from both us funds and domestic investors , dealers said .
medical tests may be carried out on people living near a monkey - breeding farm shut down last week after the animals were found to be infected with ebola , officials said thursday .
russia backs a franco-german idea to hold a five-nation summit in april to define its future relations with nato , kremlin spokesman sergei yastrzhembsky said thursday , quoted by interfax news agency .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan said thursday the government planned to issue ### million dollars of yankee bonds to help fund investment for the fiscal year to september #### .
the number of people unemployed and looking for work in germany rose to a post-world war ii record in january of #,###,### , representing ##.# percent of the workforce , the federal labor office announced on thursday .
the youth wing of malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad 's ruling party thursday slammed the us state department 's #### human rights report as an affront to all independent sovereign nations .
the opposition malawi congress party -lrb- mcp -rrb- holds its convention next month to choose a successor to its `` life president '' , ##-year-old former dictator , kamuzu banda , a senior party official said thursday .
german unemployment rose dramatically by nearly half a million to #.### million and by ###,### after seasonal adjustment to a record post-war rate of ##.# percent in january , official figures showed on thursday .
share prices here fell early on thursday , as heavy selling overnight on wall street hit sentiment , dealers said .
trading in shares in havas and generale des eaux was suspended here early on thursday .
the mark slipped early on thursday after publication of data showing a dramatic rise of german unemployment .
egypt 's government has decided to sell at least part of its shares in ## banks and jointly-owned companies , in operations on the stock exchange worth around ### million dollars , the information minister announced .
thai share prices closed #.# percent firmer thursday , with some bargain-hunting seen after recent losses although concerns about the baht still undermined market sentiment , analysts said .
a group of scientists from ## east asian countries agreed thursday to urge their governments to boost observation of acid rainfalls in the region , japanese officials said .
indonesia 's state-owned pt krakatau steel -lrb- <unk> -rrb- is to sell shares to the public in the second half of this year to raise ### million dollars for expansion plans , a report said here thursday .
malawi is to seek public opinion on the death penalty , a cabinet minister said thursday .
a greek cypriot was wounded in an incident between a group of armed men and turkish soldiers near the `` green line '' dividing cyprus on thursday , the turkish-cypriot news agency tak reported .
a moslem religious leader has been labeled as one of three suspects in the killing of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippine town of jolo , police said thursday .
president abdala bucaram , highly charismatic and popularly known as `` the crazy one , '' is facing his toughest challenge since he was elected in july on the promise he would rule ecuador with an iron fist .
the number of cars carried on the shuttle service through the channel tunnel declined by ## percent in january from the figure for january #### , eurotunnel said on thursday .
governor chris patten began his long goodbye to hong kong thursday , with a lunar new year message voicing confidence for the territory 's future , and steering clear of its political difficulties .
rebels have seized the town of <unk> in eastern zaire and thousands of refugees are on the move after evacuating the nearby <unk> camp , according to various reports thursday .
the death of us ambassador to france pamela harriman made front page news thursday in the french press which praised her as `` an inveterate charmer '' and `` a peerless diplomat .
navy gunboats sank two tamil tiger guerrilla boats off sri lanka 's north-western coast thursday as thousands of troops backed by tanks and air support kept up a major offensive , officials said .
german unemployment surged dramatically to a post-world war ii record of #,###,### or ##.# percent of the workforce in january , official figures showed on thursday , shocking the political establishment .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan said thursday the government planned to issue ### million dollars of yankee bonds to help fund investment for the fiscal year to september #### .
malaysia 's industrial production rose ##.# percent year-on-year in #### , the statistics department said thursday .
a teenaged girl and her boyfriend found guilty of murdering two of her siblings have been condemned to hang , newspapers reported thursday .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk reasserted his neutrality thursday as rival political alliances began preparing the groundwork for local and national elections due later this year and next .
a greek cypriot was wounded in a brief gunbattle on thursday with turkish-cypriot soldiers in the buffer zone dividing this eastern mediterranean island , turkish-cypriot officials said .
international aid group medecins sans frontieres -lrb- <unk> without borders -rrb- has pulled its expatriate workers out of two west rwandan provinces after the murder of five un human rights observers , the charity said thursday .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk , faced with protests from beijing about an air traffic accord between phnom penh and taipei , reiterated thursday his policy of recognizing taiwan only as a province of china .
iraq on thursday accused the united states of launching a `` campaign of lies '' against baghdad , but still called for resuming a dialogue with washington .
the first of ### foreign observers have arrived in iraq to supervise distribution of food and medicine bought by oil proceeds allowed under a united nations humanitarian deal , un sources said .
the first ever palestinian stock market will begin trading on a limited basis on february ## with ## companies worth a total of about ### million dollars , its director said thursday .
israeli authorities barred a member of the palestinian negotiating team on prisoners from visiting palestinian detainees in an israeli prison on thursday .
three officials in china 's central hunan province have been given the death sentence for graft involving more than #.# million yuan -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- , the procuratorial daily said thursday .
thai share prices closed up #.# percent in thin trading thursday with some bargain-hunting seen after recent losses , analysts said .
share prices closed #.# percent higher thursday on the back of gains in heavyweight stocks , dealers said .
undercover policewomen trained in unarmed combat will travel in buses in the southern indian city of madras to take on unwanted romeos and <unk> , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said thursday .
a young widow on thursday appeared to have won a long-fought court battle to be impregnated with sperm extracted from her late husband as he lay comatose and dying from meningitis two years ago .
an indian minister thursday hit out at what he called `` conspiracies '' to carve up the troubled kashmir region between india and pakistan .
the mark slipped in response to record german unemployment figures early on thursday , the dollar consolidated recent gains and sterling rose , analysts said .
president bill clinton thursday will unveil a #.# trillion dollar budget for fiscal #### that provides for ## billion dollars in tax cuts over five years and sharply increases spending on education .
president bill clinton thursday will unveil a #.# trillion dollar budget for fiscal #### that provides for ## billion dollars in tax cuts over five years and sharply increases spending on education .
british manufacturing output grew modestly in december , official figures showed on thursday , reinforcing the government 's decision to hold interest rates , analysts said .
overseas investors warned the philippines on thursday that it would be shunned unless it stuck to clear rules on contract awards to foreign companies .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- and the philippine government are to start a review of the country 's economic program friday , paving the way for the country 's exit from imf stewardship in june , officials said thursday .
the petroleum authority of thailand -lrb- ptt -rrb- said thursday domestic <unk> of petroleum rose #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.## barrels per day in #### .
a chorus of beethoven 's `` ode to joy '' sung in five continents with a satellite hookup will highlight the #### winter olympics opening ceremony .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan said thursday the government planned to issue ### million dollars of yankee bonds to help fund investment for the fiscal year to september #### .
an hiv victim accused by the philippine government of child abuse for having sexual relations with a minor , appealed to the courts to dismiss the charges , local television reported thursday .
a sri lankan magistrate thursday sentenced a ##-year-old swiss man to two years in jail after finding him guilty of having sex with two teenage local boys .
the philippine supreme court on thursday remanded to a lower court a multi-million-dollar tax evasion case against ethnic chinese airline and tobacco magnate lucio tan .
a young widow on thursday appeared to have won a long-fought court battle to be impregnated with sperm extracted from her late husband as he lay comatose and dying from meningitis two years ago .
indonesia plans to send a high level team to saudi arabia where it says hundreds of indonesian women are working as prostitutes , the state antara news agency reported thursday .
police swooped on locations in and around belfast before dawn thursday , arresting several people and evacuating ### houses at the start of a day-long search for explosives , police said .
the international confederation of free trade unions \/ african regional organisation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- has strongly condemned the arrest of four swazi trade union leaders and appealed for their immediate release .
two earthquakes which rocked northwest iran killed at least ## people , injured another ### and left some ##,### homeless , according to the latest official toll published on thursday .
russian president boris yeltsin made his first television statement of #### on thursday , telling elderly people that they could work and receive pensions at the same time .
a total of ## people died when an angolan air force plane crashed just north of luanda , the portuguese newspaper publico reported thursday .
the serbian opposition will end demonstrations if the serbian parliament officially recognizes its victories in municipal elections , opposition leader vuk draskovic said here thursday .
sixteen convicts , including a man involved in a bomb attack , have been executed in china 's northwestern region of xinjiang , a report received here thursday said .
a mob of ##,### moslem <unk> has gone on the rampage in a central pakistani <unk> fire to two christian churches in violence which left two people dead , police said thursday .
turkey 's influential military wants iran 's ambassador expelled for recent comments here advocating sharia -lrb- islamic -rrb- law and the spread of islam , the daily sabah said thursday .
the islamic fundamentalist group <unk> al-fatah -lrb- vanguard of the conquest -rrb- called on the army thursday to overthrow egyptian president hosni mubarak .
britain is `` considering '' a french bid to hold a five-nation summit that would define nato relations with russia and pave the way for nato expansion at a madrid summit in july , the foreign office said thursday .
the slovene parliament met thursday to debate whether to approve the new centre-left government proposed by prime minister janez drnovsek .
a miner was killed and two others injured thursday in an underground explosion at a mine in eastern south africa , police said .
a mob of ##,### moslem <unk> thursday went on the rampage in a central pakistani town , setting fire to two christian churches in violence which left two people dead , police said .
efforts across europe to slash deficits and inflation in preparation for a single currency have already taken root in britain , the eu commissioner for monetary affairs , yves-thibault de silguy , said on thursday .
iran is staging parliamentary by-elections on friday , when anti- israeli demonstrations are also expected across the country to mark `` jerusalem day .
a mob of ##,### moslem <unk> thursday went on the rampage in a central pakistani town , setting fire to two christian churches in violence which left two people dead , police said .
the red cross announced thursday it was temporarily suspending its aid operations in tajikistan after armed rebels abducted un and red cross workers , interfax news agency reported .
a franco-german proposal to hold a five-nation summit that would define nato relations with russia and pave the way for nato expansion at a madrid summit in july ran into trouble on thursday with rejection by the united states and italy and belgium expressing strong reservations .
bulgarian socialist deputies thursday boycotted the first parliamentary session to be held since the party leadership bowed to opposition pressure and agreed to bring forward elections .
saudi arabia announced thursday it has banned political pamphlets during the annual moslem pilgrimage to mecca in april and warned violators they risked punishment and expulsion .
at least ## people were wounded thursday in armed clashes between police and mainly colored -lrb- mixed-race -rrb- demonstrators protesting against municipal water and electricity rates .
the frankfurt stock market climbed to its fifth straight record closing high on thursday , as the dax ## index gained #.## percent to end the official trading session at #,###.## points .
former wimbledon striker john fashanu will not take the witness stand in the trial at winchester crown court where he is accused of being the intermediary in a match-fixing conspiracy .
the london stock market suffered a moderate loss in the first half of the thursday trading session , weakened by wall street 's decline on wednesday , but losses were limited by takeover bid rumors , traders said in early afternoon .
controversial iranian ambassador to ankara , mohammad reza bagheri , will leave turkey after coming under fire for advocating sharia -lrb- islamic -rrb- law and the spread of islam , a senior official of turkey 's ruling party said thursday .
the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- in bosnia on thursday named a soldier who died the day before at the us base camp mcgovern , apparently as a result of suicide .
a boa constrictor has had to be given a course of <unk> after contracting flu at a zoo in rzeszow in southeast poland , the polish news agency pap reported thursday .
navy gunboats sank two tamil guerrilla boats off sri lanka 's north - western coast thursday while thousands of ground troops continued their advance into rebel-held territory , officials here said .
a mob of ##,### moslem rioters thursday went on the rampage in a central pakistani town , setting fire to two christian churches in violence which left two people dead , police said .
at least seven people were wounded thursday when police clashed with mainly colored -lrb- mixed-race -rrb- demonstrators protesting against municipal water and electricity rates .
workers at the troubled credit foncier de france -lrb- cff -rrb- bank voted on thursday to call off their three-week occupation of cff headquarters in paris , after occupying the building since january ## .
the sudanese authorities have arrested four prominent south sudanese after the publication of a memorandum criticising the islamist-led regime there , a sudanese opposition source said here on thursday .
a swiss woman who married two men has landed in jail and could be imprisoned for up to three years for breaking egyptian law , which only allows men to have more than one spouse , officials said on thursday .
merita , the biggest finnish banking group , and the finnish insurance company sampo , said that confidential merger talks between their two biggest shareholders had failed .
the cyprus government announced thursday ## million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in measures aimed at boosting the economy and reversing a negative trend in financial circles .
she spent ## years and ##,### pounds -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- on #,### lessons and even tried <unk> , but it was worth it to sue <unk> , who this week finally got her driving license .
the french state is to pay nearly #.# billion francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to thomson group for shares in the credit lyonnais bank by february ## , officals at finance ministry said on thursday .
the south pacific commission -lrb- cps -rrb- , which covers <unk> , micronesia and polynesia , celebrates its ##th anniversary in noumea from thursday to saturday .
the iranian ambassador to turkey , under fire for backing supporters of islamic sharia law , will leave the country , a senior official of the ruling party said .
former zambian leader kenneth kaunda on thursday declared the country was in a political and economic quagmire and called for a fresh round of free elections .
the german finance ministry said thursday that the recent rise of the dollar , which it described as a `` normalisation '' , would have a positive effect on economic growth this year .
turkey and russia are considering jointly producing kalashnikov automatic rifles at a turkish plant under russian license , diplomatic and defense sources said thursday .
palestinian justice minister freih abu <unk> accused palestinian security services thursday of covering up the torture death of a prisoner and called on president yasser arafat to rein in his numerous police forces .
the upper house of the russian parliament , the federation council , will approve the #### budget already adopted by the lower house , council speaker yegor stroyev predicted thursday , while voicing concern that it may not be fulfilled .
the bundesbank 's gross monetary reserves rose by ### million marks to a total of ###.# million in the last banking week in january , ending on the ##st , the central bank announced on thursday .
turkey and russia are considering jointly producing kalashnikov automatic rifles at a turkish plant under russian license , diplomatic and defense sources said thursday .
mirroring the split which has riven this balkan state in two , bosnia 's collective presidency has decided to solve the dilemma of which ethnic territory should house its presidency , by splitting up and having offices in both halves .
france is drafting legislation to ban the manufacture or export of anti-personnel mines , a french foreign ministry spokesman said here thursday .
the body of the late us ambassador to france pamela harriman will be flown home to the united states on saturday on board a special plane , the us embassy said thursday .
greece on thursday accused turkey of #,### violations of its airspace last year , saying this was the highest number in five years .
france is drafting legislation to ban the manufacture or export of anti-personnel mines , a french foreign ministry spokesman said here thursday .
the first ever palestinian national museum will be built in gaza in a three-million-dollar project aimed at preserving palestinian heritage , deputy tourism minister abdullah hijazi announced on thursday .
greece on thursday dismissed turkish-cypriot reports that a pre-dawn gunbattle had taken place between turkish soliders and a greek-cypriot who had tried to tear down the turkish flag .
france and the netherlands have patched up differences over liberal dutch attitudes to so-called soft drugs , the two countries ' justice ministers said here thursday .
nato secretary-general javier solana is to visit the central asian republics of kyrghyzstan , kazakhstan and uzbekistan next month , the foreign ministry announced here thursday .
egyptian foreign minister amr mussa discussed ways of reviving syrian - israeli peace talks and cairo 's relations with the jewish state in talks here thursday with the us ambassador to israel martin indyk .
international envoys arrived thursday in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , for talks with local serb leaders , a un spokesman said .
more than ##,### students took to the the streets of belgrade on thursday continuing ## weeks of daily protests to push for recognition of opposition electoral wins .
there was little activity in early trading thursday as dealers waited for the publication friday of january 's unemployment figures and watched the progress of high-tech stocks .
the ultra-nationalist serbian radical party -lrb- srs -rrb- said thursday it opposed the move by president slobodan milosevic to reinstate opposition local election wins , the tanjug news agency reported .
mediators from peru and canada entered the japanese embassy residence thursday for talks with the heavily armed leftist rebels holding it and ## hostages in a now ##-day seige .
president bill clinton 's #### budget released thursday boosts funds for fighting crime and illegal immigration with the lion 's share going to anti-drug programs and securing us borders .
devastated villagers in northeastern iran were burying their dead in freezing cold on thursday after two earthquakes ripped through the region , killing at least ## people , many of them children .
the swedish krona , which has gradually weakened in recent months , dropped to its lowest point in seven months on thursday before the central bank intervened and bought krona to support the currency , dealers said .
un refugee chief sadako ogata is due here friday for talks on the refugee crisis in the strife torn great lakes region , but kinshasa is expected to offer harsh criticism of the international community 's failure to act .
crimea 's pro-russian parliament on thursday sacked its speaker , vasily <unk> , who they accuse of being too favourable to ukraine .
some ##,### moslems on thursday went on the rampage in central pakistan , setting two christian churches ablaze in religious violence which left two dead and scores injured , police said .
a female british naval officer was injured in an accident involving a gun on a <unk> taking part in joint franco-british exercises , police said thursday .
the dollar was up against major currencies thursday here , one day before the us government releases jobless figures for january .
president suleyman demirel said on thursday that turkey would block nato 's enlargement unless the european union 's expansion plans included ankara .
president bill clinton will thursday present to congress a new budget that balances the federal books by #### while offering nearly ### billion dollars in tax cuts and boosting education spending .
the rising dollar , a dramatic slide in the value of the yen and the debts of developing countries are expected to dominate a meeting in berlin on saturday of finance ministers and central bank chiefs of the leading industrialised states .
at least ## para-military trainee recruits were killed thursday when the bus in which they were traveling plunged into a deep ravine in northwestern pakistan , local administration officials said .
the white house on thursday refused to comment on a french proposal for a five-nation summit to define nato relations with russia .
the egyptian organisation of human rights -lrb- eohr -rrb- on thursday hailed a court ruling that a law holding editors-in-chief responsible for <unk> articles in their newspapers was unconstitutional .
washington has no `` credible evidence '' that a former bosnian official sacked under us pressure because of his ties to iran was setting up a spy service in bosnia , a pentagon spokesman said thursday .
the president of the world bank , james wolfensohn , is to visit mozambique next week , a bank source said thursday .
british airways -lrb- ba -rrb- , the world 's most profitable airline , said on thursday that it would cut ### jobs and replace the workers with modern technology at a new cargo handling center at heathrow airport .
a division of the swedish armaments group celsius , aero systems engineering -lrb- ase -rrb- of the united states , recently signed four orders worth a total of seven million dollars , celsius said on thursday .
thieves made off with ### pairs of shoes from outside a mosque at sirnak , southeast turkey , while their owners were inside at prayer .
wayne bradley changed his driver and putter here on thursday and ended the day leading the south african open with a seven-under-par ## at the <unk> country club .
jordan 's crown prince hassan held talks thursday with british envoy edward chaplin on proposals for a middle east group based on the organisation for security and cooperation in europe , officials said .
german customs officials said thursday they had smashed a network which used exports of diseased cattle to defraud the european union of seven million marks -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has canceled his february ## visit to the netherlands following the military helicopter accident which plunged israel into mourning this week , officials said thursday .
twenty-five `` liquidators '' who cleaned up after the deadly blaze at chernobyl nuclear power plant have suspended a three-week hunger strike , moscow echo radio said thursday .
the irish parliament thursday set up a judicial inquiry into alleged payments to irish politicians , their friends and kin by one of ireland 's leading retailers .
president bill clinton sent his #### budget to congress thursday and called on the republican majority to come to a quick agreement on his plan to eliminate the us deficit by #### .
norwegian offshore group smedvig has won a #.# billion kroner -lrb- ###.# million dollar -rrb- drilling contract from norwegian oil and gas group norsk hydro , smedvig said on thursday .
thieves made off with ### pairs of shoes from outside a mosque at sirnak , southeast turkey , while their owners were inside at prayer .
president suleyman demirel said on thursday that turkey would block nato 's enlargement unless the european union 's expansion plans included ankara .
the funeral of the late us ambassador to france pamela harriman will be held in washington february ## , an embassy spokesman said here thursday .
the italian government on thursday slammed france 's proposal for a five-nation mini summit that would define nato relations with russia .
ugandan president yoweri museveni is due in paris monday <unk> of talks on the ongoing crises in africa 's great lakes region with french president jacques chirac , the ugandan embassy said .
special envoy mohamed sahnoun is due to leave new york on thursday , launching the un bid to restore peace to the war-torn great lakes region with fighting still raging in eastern zaire .
the netherlands will reopen its embassy in guatemala city soon to help boost national reconciliation in the central american country , the foreign ministry announced here thursday .
swedish volvo group 's aeronautics unit , volvo aero , could lose a contract with british group air uk because of volvo aero 's planned move within sweden , the swedish daily expressen said on thursday .
a mixed committee of `` experts '' and theologians has determined that a statue of the virgin mary cried actual tears of blood ## times in february #### , and has reported the phenomenon to the vatican , a daily said thursday .
southern african countries will meet in may to discuss ways to combat malaria , which claims several thousand lives in the region each year , a mozambican health expert announced thursday .
german group viag and its british telecom ally , which have just won a license for setting up a new digital mobile telephone network in germany , announced thursday that norwegian firm telenor is joining their telecommunications alliance .
the chief of london 's financial police squad and four of his colleagues were cleared on thursday of contempt of court allegations made against them during their investigation into the sumitomo copper scandal .
international envoys met local serb leaders thursday in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , in a bid to calm the area ahead of local polls and following a series of incidents , un officials said .
seven shining path rebels have been sentenced to life in prison for the slaying of ## people , a military spokesman said here thursday .
former pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto thursday said her party had established contact with the influential ethnic-based mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- in a bid to form a coalition government in sindh province .
eu justice and interior ministers on thursday decided to draw up a quick plan on how better to fight money laundering in europe , lamenting that existing directives now go unheeded .
chancellor helmut kohl has said he expects a downward trend in germany 's jobless figures in the course of this year .
most of hong kong 's ethnic asians , offered full british citizenship this week , will probably stay put when the colony is handed over to china on july # , prime minister john major said thursday .
washington has no `` credible evidence '' that a former bosnian official sacked under us pressure because of his ties to iran was setting up a spy service in bosnia , a pentagon spokesman said thursday .
shell chemicals canada is to build a new plant near fort saskatchewan , alberta , at a cost of ### million dollars , the company said thursday .
congressional republican leaders pounced on president bill clinton 's federal budget proposal thursday , dismissing it as tepid and ineffectual .
president bill clinton on thursday unveiled a fiscal #### budget proposal of ##.# billion dollars for science , space and technology .
pakistani president farooq leghari arrived thursday in saudi arabia to make the smaller of the two islamic pilgrimages to mecca , the official saudi news agency spa reported .
french auto group psa scored consolidated turnover of ###.## billion francs -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- , up #.# percent from ###.## billion francs the previous year , the automaker announced on thursday .
a ##-year-old man stabbed a parish priest to death after having a satanic <unk> , a lawyer said here on thursday .
french nuclear constructor framatome announced thursday that it was conveying its technical data processing activities to us group electronic data systems -lrb- eds -rrb- to set up a joint venture called eds - <unk> .
brazilian foreign minister luiz felipe lampreia left lebanon thursday after a four-day official visit during which he signed two economic and cultural cooperation accords .
a female officer was shot in an accident on board a british navy minesweeper taking part in joint franco-british exercises , police said thursday .
more than ##,### bavarians opposed to planned reforms of german spelling have signed a petition calling for a referendum on the issue , a spokesman said thursday .
congressional republican leaders pounced on president bill clinton 's federal budget proposal thursday , describing it as tepid and ineffectual , but said a compromise could be forged .
paris public prosecutors have opened an investigation against persons unknown in connection with the murder of frenchwoman sophie toscan du plantier last december near her holiday home in ireland , judicial sources said thursday .
the world jewish congress has dropped plans for a boycott of swiss banks intended to pressure them into yielding information on holocaust victims ' assets , a congress spokesman said here thursday .
a lutheran church official and his wife were gunned down while walking their dog in a forest in eastern germany , dresden police said thursday .
embattled ecuador president abdala bucaram on thursday sacked three cabinet members and rolled back a number of unpopular economic austerity measures that prompted a movement to oust him .
government soldiers put down a six-day old rebellion and took back a power station occupied by mutinous soldiers , officials said here thursday .
a paris court on thursday sentenced in abstentia a leading turkish left-wing radical , dursun <unk> , to four years in jail .
a south african judge indefinitely postponed thursday a civil case taken by a relative of two women killed by so-called `` superspy '' craig williamson in the ####s .
us vice president al gore will make a brief visit to namibia before arriving in south africa for three days of bilateral talks later this month .
defense secretary william cohen unveiled a ###.# billion dollar #### military budget thursday , expressing disappointment that it postpones modernization of the us arsenal .
king hussein of jordan and palestinian president yasser arafat discussed by telephone thursday the issue of jerusalem and its ethnic and religious identity , official jordanian radio reported .
president mobutu sese seko will return to zaire friday after a five - day visit here during which he appealed for military assistance to combat rebels in the east of the country , officials said .
italy and australia decided thursday to kick-start stalled bilateral relations as an australian minister visited rome for the first time in nine years .
the united states is ready to `` explore further '' a franco-german proposal for a five-nation summit to define nato relations with russia , the white house said thursday .
a serbian opposition leader , fresh from a high-profile trip to france , said thursday he had won pledges of western support to make sure the government reinstates opposition electoral wins and implements democratic reforms .
two people were killed and scores injured when some ##,### moslems rioted thursday in central pakistan , setting christian churches and houses ablaze and attacking police , officials said .
the federal reserve policymaking committee decided unanimously at its december ## meeting to hold us interest rates steady but hinted that its next move would be to tighten rather than ease credit , according to a summary of the minutes disclosed tuesday .
an explosion thursday in a disputed northeast bosnian hamlet damaged three houses and injured a soldier serving with the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- , a un official said .
german defense minister volker ruehe will visit south africa next week to discuss europe and africa 's present and future military climates , germany 's embassy here said thursday .
the us senate on thursday voted ## to # to confirm the appointment of rodney slater as transportation secretary , a senate source reported .
new york governor george pataki announced thursday an inquiry into whether swiss or us banks in the state accepted holocaust victims ' assets , saying licences could be pulled from those that do not cooperate .
britain 's ruling conservatives have made another advance in support at the expense of labor 's strong lead , says a new opinion poll to be published friday .
international envoys met local serb leaders thursday in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , in a bid to calm the area ahead of local polls and following a series of incidents , un officials said .
finland 's left-right coalition government is considering legislation that would make it a criminal offence to spread computer viruses , the interior ministry said thursday .
un human rights investigators will visit nigeria later this month to check up on judicial processes in the west african nation much criticised for alleged rights abuses , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- reported thursday .
the united states is sending ## about warplanes to qatar to support air operations to enforce a no-fly zone in southern iraq , the pentagon said thursday .
international credit-rating agency standard and poor 's on thursday placed swedish power groups vattenfall and sydkraft on credit watch with negative implications following the swedish decision to begin a nuclear power phase-out , the agency said .
the united states is sending about ## warplanes to qatar to support air operations to enforce a no-fly zone in southern iraq , the pentagon said thursday .
the dow jones index of blue-chip stocks was up slightly thursday but traders were cautious as they awaited friday 's release of monthly unemployment figures .
germany 's katja seizinger , the reigning overall world cup holder , claimed thursday she can still win four medals at these championships despite suffering a bad fall last weekend .
the dollar was stable against other currencies thursday as traders looked ahead to the upcoming release of unemployment figures and a meeting of g# finance ministers and central bank governors .
un secretary-general kofi annan `` can live with '' compromise proposals which would almost clear the us debt to the united nations in two years ' time , a un spokesman said here thursday .
state owned television new zealand -lrb- tvnz -rrb- said friday it wants an increased stake in pay television sky network which is also subject of a bid by a media company part owned by rupert murdoch 's news limited .
the international court of justice elected here thursday american judge stephen schwebel as its president for the next three years , and christopher <unk> of sri lanka as vice-president .
the united states has asked russia not to go ahead with plans to sell two nuclear reactors to india , state department spokesman nicholas burns said thursday .
six members of the opposition people 's progressive alliance party , including its secretary-general mohamed <unk> ould ismail , were jailed here wednesday for `` plotting to break the law , '' legal sources said .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here early friday , up from ###.##-## yen late thursday and from ###.## yen in new york late thursday .
un secretary-general kofi annan `` can live with '' compromise proposals which would almost clear the us debt to the united nations in two years ' time , a un spokesman said here thursday .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange friday , with the key nikkei average rising ##.## points to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
all french state high schools will have condom machines from september , representatives of teachers and parents said here after talks thursday with education minister francois bayrou .
a delegation sent by afghanistan 's taliban movement , which seized power in kabul four months ago , has held talks here in a bid to obtain un representation , a un spokesman said thursday .
yugoslav president zoran lilic has called on the separatist leaders of the albanian majority in the serbian province of kosovo to enter into talks with belgrade , tanjug news agency reported thursday .
the irish government is to call in the british ambassador later friday to express its anger over britain 's nuclear activities after two incidents this week at the sellafield nuclear plant on the irish sea coast in northwest england .
chinese vice-premier li lanqing will make a brief middle east tour later this month , taking in israel and iran , the foreign ministry announced friday .
communist rebels attacked military barracks in a bogota suburb and a police post on the venezuelan border thursday , one day after authorities launched a massive assault on the guerrillas to end four days of bitter fighting .
washington thursday reacted cautiously to claims a former bosnian official sacked under us pressure because of his ties to iran was setting up a spy service in bosnia .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and us vice president al gore will tour the chicago auto show and take part in a ribbon-cutting ceremony saturday , organizers said .
former irish prime minister albert reynolds said thursday that the `` inactivity '' of both the london and dublin governments had contributed to a deep crisis for the northern ireland peace process .
share prices were slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange friday morning , with the key nikkei average falling ##.## points to ##,###.## .
share prices were slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange friday morning , with the key nikkei average falling ##.## points to ##,###.## .
algerian president liamine zeroual has invited international observers from the united nations , the arab league and the organisation of african unity to monitor forthcoming legislative elections .
voting began friday in the indian state of punjab in elections widely tipped to be won by an alliance of a sikh party and hindu nationalists , officials said .
ecuador 's congress thursday voted to remove president abdala bucaram from office but the head of state immediately said he would not obey the measure .
the large chinese community in the troubled indonesian province of west kalimantan celebrated the lunar new year on friday in solemn mood .
a south korean mp was turned back at rangoon 's international airport by military authorities who accused him of trying to interfere in burma 's internal affairs , a statement said friday .
congress thursday swore in a new president after holding a vote to oust abdala bucaram on grounds of physical and mental incapacity amid massive protests against austerity measures .
ecuador 's congress late thursday ousted president abdala bucaram amid massive protests against austerity measures and promptly named a new head of state over bucaram 's objections .
malaysia has proposed compulsory ` national social service ' for youth above the age of ## aimed at strengthening their resolve against unhealthy activities , reports said friday .
japan plans to ask china to step up measures against chinese trying to sneak into japan by boat , an official said friday .
thailand 's education minister has been accused of handing out over six million baht -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- to mps to smooth the way for planned school reforms , newspapers reported friday .
south korean prosecutors friday wound up questioning bankers implicated in the stormy hanbo <unk> scandal , as reports said up to ## politicians and officials could be grilled after the three-day new year break .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher on friday as foreign investors bought selected blue-chip stocks , analysts said .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher friday as foreign investors bought blue-chip stocks .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- eased #.# percent friday as investors sold market heavyweight telecom corp. , brokers said .
sri lankan authorities were friday planning to deport a ##-year-old swiss man convicted of having sex with young local boys , police said .
the philippine stock exchange said friday it would suspend from trading the shares of companies that can not explain sharp price movements .
a total of ## people , including eight children under ## , died as a result of the influenza epidemic which started in november and has swept across russia , the interfax news agency reported friday .
the leaders of all three baltic nations have declined to attend the inauguration ceremony of chechnya 's president-elect aslan maskhadov on february ## , the itar-tass news agency reported .
a separatist guerrilla group fighting for independence for the northeastern indian state of assam rejected peace talks with the government on friday .
the dollar topped ### yen here in <unk> trading friday to reach its highest level in four years , as investors tested the upside following earlier declines , dealers said .
two indian burglars stayed for a two-hour drink with their victims before escaping with a hoard of cash and jewellery , a newspaper reported friday .
australian shares closed #.# percent higher friday in quiet trading at the end of the week with investors sidelined ahead of the release of us employment data later in the day , brokers said .
a ##-year-old bangladeshi woman died in a stampede as she fell on ground within a crowd in dhaka while trying to collect `` zakat '' or donations for the moslem eid-al-fitr festival , newspapers reported here friday .
hong kong 's future leader under chinese rule made a special lunar new year plea friday for politics to be less influential after the handover .
ecuadoran troops lobbed tear gas and came to blows with demonstrators outside government headquarters here early friday , amid growing protests over ousted president abdala bucaram , who was inside the building .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower friday with the nikkei stock average falling on selling of bank , property and construction shares , brokers said .
a second cambodian prince living in exile in france has decided he wants to be pardoned and allowed to return home , a local newspaper reported friday .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad friday called on the local media to stick to the truth and not to take sides or adopt extreme positions .
the commander of the tajik president 's bodyguards was continuing talks with rebel leader <unk> <unk> in a bid to get hostages freed , the tajik government press center said friday .
the philippines ' budget emerged from the red to post a #.#-billion - peso -lrb- ##-million-dollar -rrb- surplus in calendar #### , finance secretary roberto de ocampo said friday .
vice-president rosalia arteaga claimed friday to be the successor of ousted president abdala bucaram , according to a statement issued by the armed forces .
australian shares closed #.# percent higher friday in quiet trading ahead of the release of us employment data later in the day , brokers said .
new unrest broke out in indonesia 's west kalimantan province despite a security clampdown , sources said friday .
philippines president fidel ramos has banned government entities from handing out wooden trophies as awards in an effort to save trees , a manila newspaper reported friday .
polls opened on friday for parliamentary by-elections in ## constituencies in various parts of iran , officials said .
prosecutors have demanded that an indonesian court ignore an appeal by defense lawyers and continue the trial of three moslem radicals charged with sowing hatred against the government , a report said friday .
the bullish rand held steady against the dollar in early trade here friday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback barely changed from its close thursday of #.#### .
german economy minister gunter rexrodt said here friday his country had no alternative but to privatise and deregulate its labor markets to counter its worst unemployment since world war ii .
security forces ended a four-day offensive against tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka friday after capturing a vast area of rebel-held territory , official sources said .
a post card written by an indian professor in #### informing his favorite student about a job prospect reached its destination in #### , a newspaper reported friday .
indians , already the world 's largest buyers of gold , will purchase even more this year as domestic prices remain at the lowest levels for the past year , a trader said friday .
two red cross employees were released by tajik gunmen friday , itar - tass news agency reported .
maldives president maumoon abdul gayoom ordered the deportation of a swiss man convicted on a drug charge in the indian ocean atoll nation , the maldivian high commission said here friday .
a swiss national has been arrested in the philippine capital after he put down a banned drug as a bet in a billiards game , police said here friday .
japanese share prices fell friday with the key market barometer closing #.# percent lower as investors sold issues in banking , property and construction firms hit by bad debt problems .
australian shares ended #.# percent higher friday after a week in which strong banking stocks more than offset a mid-week slump blamed by brokers on anxiety over domestic interest rates .
the skipper of a passenger boat which capsized and sank after hitting a stationary barge in the chao phraya river here was over the legal limit for alcohol , the doctor who tested him said friday .
a float crashed ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's major lunar new year parade friday killing one woman and leaving ## injured , officials said .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's major lunar new year parade friday killing one woman and leaving ## injured , officials said .
the philippines ' three oil refiners began adjusting prices of petroleum products friday amid sporadic protests on the eve of full deregulation of the industry .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's major lunar new year parade friday , killing one woman and leaving ## injured , officials said .
japan 's honda motor co. , ltd. , announced friday it would launch a new passenger car , the city , in india in december .
indonesia 's east nusa tenggara province has approved the opening of a shipping link with australia 's northern territory in march , the state antara news agency reported friday .
israel on friday resumed military helicopter flights into south lebanon after a three-day suspension following the death of ## soldiers in a mid-air collision , military sources said .
lebanon has summoned us ambassador richard jones to protest his appeal to the lebanese not to rejoice at the deaths of the ## israeli soldiers killed in a mid-air collision , officials said friday .
the dollar topped ### yen in tokyo friday to reach its highest level in four years , as investors tested its upside following earlier declines , dealers said .
malaysia 's strong a-# sovereign credit rating is based on its sound economic fundamentals and rapid growth , said a statement from moody 's investors service received here friday .
a philippine tribe asked the supreme court on friday to revoke a law allowing ### percent ownership of philippine mining operations by foreign firms , court officials said .
honda motor co. , ltd. , announced friday it would launch a new passenger car , the city , in india in december .
a moslem religious leader and his son have been arrested in connection with the murder of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippines , police said friday .
johannesburg 's mixed-race suburbs were quiet but tense early friday after clashes thursday between police and protesters that left at least two people dead and up to ### injured , police said .
south african president nelson mandela is to leave on a four-nation asian tour around the end of this month , diplomatic sources here said friday .
tajik gunmen who kidnapped ## people freed two red cross employees friday , a day after the aid organization suspended its operations in the republic , but nine un staff and a group of russian journalists remained captive .
thirty-nine rastafarian protestors demanding the legalisation of marijuana , were arrested outside the main gates of parliament ahead of the official opening of the year 's session here thursday , police said .
two alleged members of a moslem extremist group have been arrested in connection with the murder of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippines , police said friday .
a palestinian student shot by israeli soldiers during riots in the west bank in september has died from his injuries , sources at ramallah hospital said friday .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's annual lunar new year parade friday , killing one woman and leaving over ## injured , officials said .
two alleged members of a moslem extremist group have been arrested in connection with the murder of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippines , police said friday .
members of cambodia 's new <unk> political alliance held their first official meeting friday , agreeing on the name national united front and setting up a temporary headquarters .
more than half a million tanzanians are facing famine because of severe drought , agriculture minister paul <unk> told the national assembly .
aid agencies friday began pulling out staff from a massive refugee camp in eastern zaire amid rising tension in the region , where rebels are advancing against government troops .
lebanon has summoned us ambassador richard jones to protest his appeal to the lebanese not to rejoice at the deaths of the ## israeli soldiers killed in a mid-air collision , officials said friday .
the south african government remains committed to phasing out the country 's remaining currency 's controls , president nelson mandela said when he opened the #### parliamentary session here on friday .
thai share prices eased #.# percent friday in thin trading during the chinese lunar new year with some selling pressure on blue chips , analysts said .
the dollar continued to rise in early trading here on friday , surging against the yen and mark in what dealers said was a relentless climb .
two alleged members of a moslem extremist group have been arrested in connection with the murder of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippines , police said friday .
a south korean mp said friday he had been manhandled out of rangoon 's international airport under orders of the military authorities in violation of his status as holder of a diplomatic passport and a valid visa .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's major lunar new year parade friday , killing one woman and bringing a note of tragedy to celebrations across asia that took place amidst strict security .
vice-president rosalia arteaga claimed friday to be the successor of ousted president abdala bucaram , according to a statement issued by the armed forces .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's annual lunar new year parade friday , killing a british woman and leaving over ## injured , officials said .
president nelson mandela , opening the south african parliament friday , promised tough action against the scourge of crime here , saying it had become `` a threat to national security .
japanese share prices lost ground during the week amid concern about the nation 's bad loan problem , brokers said .
israel is to release all women palestinian prisoners next week and will also examine a possible amnesty for israelis convicted of anti- arab attacks , government officials said on friday .
thai share prices eased #.# percent friday in thin trading during the chinese lunar new year with some selling pressure on blue chips , analysts said .
president nelson mandela on friday promised tough action against the scourge of crime in south africa , saying it had become `` a threat to national security .
the jakarta bourse closed #.# percent higher during a holiday - shortened trading week as foreign <unk> bought stock and locals sold ahead of the lunar new year , analysts said .
the volume of orders placed with italian industry slumped by ##.# percent in november from the figure for november #### and industrial turnover fell by #.# percent during the same period , the national statistical institute said on friday .
a firebrand hindu leader was sentenced to a week in jail friday for accusing a judge in western india of corruption .
thai share prices fell #.# percent over the week to friday , striking a ## <unk> midweek due to concerns about the weak baht and property sector debts , analysts said .
a german prosecutor friday accused the libyan secret services of ordering an anti-american terrorist bomb attack in a berlin discotheque in which three people died in #### .
a philippine official said friday that the united states had offered to raise its purchases of woolen clothes from the philippines in a bid to resolve a bilateral trade dispute .
a group of baton-wielding indian women villagers have set up a vigilante group to stop their husbands drinking illegal liquor , witnesses said friday .
japanese share prices fell friday while other asia-pacific bourses closed mixed in thin trading with many markets closed for the first day of the lunar new year .
a somali clan faction on friday accused neighbouring ethiopia of invading its territory and dismissed recent somali peace conferences held in ethiopia as `` not only unacceptable , but illegal .
a journalist who has written articles critical of cambodia 's royal family pulled a gun friday and stood down a group of armed men he believed were trying to kill him , police and witnesses said .
the arrest and trial of an activist caught with copies of a banned magazine was saturday branded by a human rights watch dog as the latest assault on freedom of expression in indonesia .
the arrest and trial of an activist caught with copies of a banned magazine was saturday branded by a human rights watch dog as the latest assault on freedom of expression in indonesia .
greek riot police on friday launched a surprise operation against angry farmers by flattening the tires of dozens of tractors that threatened to block traffic between the capital and the northeast town of salonica .
malaysia said friday it would press ahead with a crackdown on illegal immigrants despite press reports to the contrary , deputy home minister ong ka ting said friday .
two alleged members of a moslem extremist group have been arrested in connection with the murder of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippines , police said friday .
peacekeepers in liberia have arrested ## ex-combatants found in possession of arms and accused by villagers of `` inhumane treatment '' , a military statement said friday .
the un special envoy for the great lakes region held talks with french officials in paris friday as he launched a new bid to restore peace to the war-torn region , officials said .
security forces ended a four-day offensive against tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka friday after capturing a vast area of rebel-held territory but thousands of civilians fled the area , official sources said .
lebanon on friday summoned us ambassador richard jones to protest comments made following rejoicing in lebanon over the deaths of ## israeli soldiers in a mid-air collision , officials said .
one of nine sierra leonean soldiers on trial here for treason has claimed he was severely beaten during interrogations into his alleged role in a plot to overthrow the civilian government .
a french court has rejected an appeal by joel herzog , son of former israeli president chaim herzog , to be freed on bail over a corruption investigation , judicial sources said friday .
the dollar rose to a ##-month high on friday morning when dealers were reassured by remarks by german finance minister theo waigel that he was `` satisfied '' with the current level of the us currency .
italian prime minister romano prodi left early on friday for talks with german chancellor helmut kohl which were expected to center on controversy about italy 's determination to be a founder of a single european currency .
the labor party friday relaxed its long-standing enmity for selective grammar schools in britain , saying a labor government would not try to abolish them , but would leave that decision to parents .
the un special envoy on cyprus said friday that both the greek cypriots and the turkish cypriots were reluctant to make concessions toward a settlement on the divided mediterranean island .
britain 's march towards a <unk> gas market by the end of #### will continue with the introduction of competition in new areas of the country from next week , the government announced on friday .
a german prosecutor friday accused the libyan secret services of ordering an anti-american terrorist bomb attack in a berlin discotheque in which three people died and more than ### were hurt in #### .
a male romanian journalist spent ## hours in shock after being certified pregnant by a doctor on the strength of a urine test , a usually infallible pointer to pregnancy , a daily newspaper said friday .
zairean president mobutu sese seko left the moroccan capital friday after a five-day visit during which he met with king hassan ii in a private capacity .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's major lunar new year parade friday , killing one woman and bringing a note of tragedy to celebrations across asia that took place amidst stricter security .
heavy snowfalls have interrupted rescue operations in mountainous areas of northeastern iran which were struck by two large earthquakes earlier this week , the state radio said friday .
nato members on friday tasked secretary-general javier solana with negotiating a cooperation charter with ukraine , diplomats said .
russian legislators friday agreed on the principle of an amnesty for russian soldiers , chechen guerrillas and others who committed crimes in chechnya during the ##-month conflict , excluding `` terrorists , '' interfax news agency reported .
thai finance minister amnuay viravan said friday there was no need for the local baht to strengthen its position against the mark and yen .
a strike by transport workers continued to disrupt trains , buses and metros in some provincial french cities for a second day friday , after many workers voted to extend it .
the un refugee agency is considering emergency food drops to around ##,### rwandan refugees massed in forests after they fled a camp in eastern zaire , a spokeswoman said here friday .
the rising dollar , a dramatic slide in the value of the yen and the debt of developing nations are expected to dominate a meeting of finance ministers from the world 's seven top industrialized nations in berlin saturday .
america online -lrb- aol -rrb- , the world 's leading on-line service , reported a quarterly loss of ###.# million dollars .
spanish police seized #.# tonnes of cocaine on a boat off spain 's atlantic coast overnight and arrested seven people , investigators said friday .
paribas has reached an agreement in principle to buy the hong kong brokerage house asia equity holding ltd , the banking group said friday without disclosing the price .
veba and cable and wireless -lrb- c and w -rrb- have ended a telecommunications partnership because c and w wants to concentrate on its british business , veba announced on friday .
german finance minister theo waigel said he had `` no problem '' with the present <unk> rate , in an interview on friday on the eve of a meeting of the group of seven leading industrial countries ' finance ministers and central bank chiefs .
millions of people voted friday in the first free elections in a decade in the indian state of punjab , widely tipped to be won by a <unk> alliance , officials said .
a ##-year-old hong kong chinese has been arrested for allegedly stealing a mercedes benz in a series of luxury car thefts which have hit many japanese celebrities here in the past few months , police said friday .
indian textiles firm reliance industries on friday commissioned a factory to produce a raw material for polyester and said it would soon become the world 's fifth largest producer of the chemical .
shortly after the stroke of midnight and before she had danced a single waltz guest of honor sarah , duchess of york , fled the vienna opera ball friday .
israel is to release all women palestinian prisoners next week and will also examine a possible amnesty for israelis convicted of anti- arab attacks , government officials said on friday .
speculative selling and a surge in the value of the dollar conspired to drive gold prices down to their lowest level for almost four years on friday , to less than ### dollars per ounce .
lebanon on friday summoned us ambassador richard jones to protest comments made following rejoicing in lebanon over the deaths of ## israeli soldiers in a mid-air collision , officials said .
sri lankan troops began digging in friday while bracing for more attacks , after capturing a vast area from tamil guerrillas in a four - day offensive in the north of the country , officials said .
malaysia has presented a long-awaited proposal on opening its telecommunications market to international competition at the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , trade sources said here friday .
the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- increased its estimate of world oil demand in the fourth quarter of last year by #.# million barrels per day to ##.# million , in its monthly report on friday .
craig burley will miss scotland 's world cup qualifier against estonia in monaco next week .
the us economy added ###,### new jobs in january , when the unemployment rate came to #.# percent against #.# percent in december , the government reported friday .
over ###,### palestinians streamed past heavy israeli security into al-aqsa mosque for the final friday prayer in the moslem holy month ramadan to kick off holidays that should put some life into usually solemn arab east jerusalem .
millions of people voted friday in the first free elections in a decade in the indian state of punjab , widely tipped to be won by a <unk> alliance , officials said .
the frankfurt stock market 's record-setting binge continued on friday , thanks mainly to the dollar 's appreciation , traders said as the dax index gained #.## percent on the day to end at #,###.## points , a new all-time closing high .
the jury in a soccer bribes trial friday heard that former aston villa and wimbledon striker fashanu , accused of plotting to fix soccer games , has a high status in africa and is a national hero in zambia .
malaysia has presented a long-awaited proposal on opening its telecommunications market to international competition at the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , trade sources said here friday .
the us economy added ###,### new jobs in january , when the unemployment rate came to #.# percent against #.# percent in december , the labor department reported friday .
the london stock market posted a moderate gain in the first half of the friday trading session thanks to wall street 's late rally on thursday , traders said , but gains were limited as operators waited for us employment figures to be announced in the afternoon .
the former angolan rebel movement unita has confirmed that its ## representatives who are to serve in the country 's new government will finally arrive in luanda on february ## , the un mission here said friday .
canada 's unemployment rate was #.# percent in january , unchanged from december , the government reported friday .
russian president boris yeltsin , still recovering from double pneumonia , held a ##-minute meeting with his chief of staff friday at his <unk> residence just outside moscow , the kremlin press service said .
a ##-year-old hong kong chinese has been arrested for allegedly stealing a mercedes benz in a series of luxury car thefts which have hit many japanese celebrities here in the past few months , police said friday .
a ##-year-old british boy was ordered friday to be detained indefinitely after he admitted murdering a #-year-old girl .
zairean troops surrounded a un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- compound in the eastern town of lubutu friday after `` mistreating '' the radio operator , who ceased all transmissions , wfp spokeswoman michele <unk> said .
a float ploughed into crowds during hong kong 's major lunar new year parade friday , killing one woman and bringing a note of tragedy to celebrations across asia that took place amidst stricter security .
more than ### workers at a thermal power station in northern kazakhstan have launched a hunger strike to protest the non-payment of wages , unions said friday .
kuwait , the united states and seven other countries have submitted claims for ## billion dollars against irak for causing environmental damage during the gulf war , a un spokeswoman said here friday .
czech poet ivan <unk> , whose communist writings influenced czechoslovakia 's literary landscape during the cold war , has died at age ## , press reports said friday .
the european commission on friday instructed france to allow non - french ski monitors on to its pistes and gave the country three years to prove it is not practising discrimination on the slopes , a spokesman said friday .
sierra leone will hold local elections in six months if the necessary funds can be raised , local government minister david <unk> said friday .
three french companies intend to make a joint bid for at least ## percent of defense electronics group thomson-csf , the president of one of the bidders , serge tchuruk of alcatel alsthom , said on friday .
iran poses no immediate threat to its gulf arab neighbors as it lacks the logistical facilities to launch an amphibious attack , a united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- research institute said friday .
a warning by turkey that it will hold nato enlargement to ransom for its own membership of an expanded european union has sparked gloom at alliance headquarters , diplomats say .
the swedish central bank said friday that sweden should take part in economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- when it is launched at the start of #### - the first time it has made such a public statement .
an amsterdam man suffered injuries after his girlfriend used a portable electric vegetable <unk> on his genitals in a sex game that went wrong , police said friday .
two hundred passengers were evacuated from a tgv high-speed train in northern france on friday after a suspect device was found on board , the sncf rail authority said .
the us economy added ###,### new jobs in january but bond dealers reacted calmly to the stronger than expected report as hourly wages increased by only a cent .
israel is to release all women palestinian prisoners next week and will also examine a possible amnesty for israelis convicted of anti- arab attacks , government officials said on friday .
norwegian company hydro seafood said friday it wants to use the disputed drug <unk> to fight sea lice in eight salmon breeding installations in scotland .
the paris bourse rolled up a strong gain in the first part of the friday trading session following a dip in french and us interest rates in the wake of release of american job figures for january , traders said in mid-afternoon .
the release of notorious criminal charles sobhraj , accused of committing up to ## murders in asia in the ####s and ####s , was blocked at the ##th hour here friday .
a british airways concorde passenger jet en route from london to new york , made an emergency landing here friday after developing engine trouble , airport officials said .
the bosnian serb ruling party blocked a move friday by opposition deputies to transfer their administrative capital to banja luka , the largest town in serb-held bosnia .
some ## workers who cleaned up after the world 's worst nuclear accident at chernobyl have begun a hunger strike to demand millions of dollars owed to them in compensation , the itar-tass news agency said friday .
israel is to release all women palestinian prisoners next week and will also examine a possible amnesty for israelis convicted of anti- arab attacks , government officials said on friday .
stocks on wall street were up sharply early friday following the release of the latest us employment figures .
voter turnout was low in iran 's parliamentary by-elections on friday and results were not expected for another few days , officials and witnesses said .
bulgaria 's socialist party pressed ahead friday with their boycott of parliament in protest at a deal which the party leadership struck with the opposition to hold early elections in april .
kenyan president daniel arap moi called friday for rebels fighting government troops in zaire to declare an immediate ceasefire and withdraw .
the united states and russia are close to announcing the date and venue of a summit meeting between us president bill clinton and russian president boris yeltsin , the white house said friday .
two hundred passengers were evacuated from a tgv high-speed train in northern france on friday after a suspect package was found on board , the sncf rail authority said .
german police have seized six kilograms of heroin and cocaine and arrested eight members of an international drug trafficking network , judicial officials said friday .
ireland friday protested against `` constant systems failures and incidents '' at british nuclear plants , particularly the sellafield reprocessing plant in northwest england .
a harrods department store manager and her brother , who pilfered ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- from the credit card accounts of wealthy customers , were each sentenced to three years in jail friday .
kenya is releasing ## million <unk> beetles into lake victoria in an effort to stop it being entirely choked by water hyacinths .
a bahraini shiite moslem opposition movement on friday accused security forces of deliberately killing a young woman and using a traffic accident as a cover .
officials representing the tajik government , an opposition warlord and ousted afghan military commander ahmed shah masood began talks with gunmen holding ## hostages , including un staff , east of here friday .
an amsterdam court sentenced the head of one of the netherlands ' biggest drug-trafficking networks to six years jail friday , a legal source said .
fifty-five illegal immigrants from bangladesh and sri lanka have been detained near the polish-german border after trying to enter germany , a spokesman for the polish borderguards said friday .
us automobile giant ford headed off the threat of a strike at its british operations on friday after reaching a deal with unions over the future of the company 's halewood vehicle plant near liverpool , northwest england .
a german prosecutor friday accused the libyan secret services of ordering an anti-american terrorist bomb attack in a berlin discotheque in which three people died and more than ### were hurt in #### .
azerbaijani secret police recently thwarted a plot to overthrow president geidar aliyev -- the fourth attempt since he came to power , azerbaijani security minister namik <unk> told itar-tass news agency friday .
archbishop of warsaw cardinal jozef glemp , will on saturday celebrate a mass beginning the long process of beatifying a pro-solidarity priest murdered in #### by political police .
a senior sudanese opposition leader on friday discussed the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- offer to end the civil war in his east african country as the uae urged other arab states to join its initiative .
belgium has sold brazil ## <unk> tanks for ##.# million dollars , belgium 's defense ministry said friday .
big german electrical engineering group siemens has won an order worth ### million marks -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- for equipment for germany 's d# digital mobile telephone network , operated by mannesmann <unk> , siemens announced in munich on friday .
the french state is to pay thomson-csf #.### billion francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- for shares in credit lyonnais bank , thomson said on friday .
nigeria 's military government is finally allowing two un special envoys to visit the country after holding up their request for more than a year , a un spokeswoman said here friday .
us president bill clinton and russian president boris yeltsin will hold a summit meeting in march in helsinki , a white house official told afp friday .
the united nations will reduce its staff in tajikistan to a minimum after nine un employees were kidnapped by armed rebels , un officials said friday .
south africa 's gold and foreign exchange reserves rose ##.## percent in january to ##.### billion rand -lrb- #.### billion dollars -rrb- from ##.### billion rand -lrb- #.### billion dollars -rrb- in december , according to figures released friday by the central reserve bank .
lebanese foreign minister fares bweiz said friday a row had been resolved over the us ambassador 's remarks against rejoicing in lebanon at the deaths of ## israeli soldiers in a helicopter crash .
aid agencies friday began pulling out staff from a massive refugee camp in eastern zaire amid rising tension in the region , where rebels are advancing against government troops .
the united states launched an appeal friday for help with demining and arms control in bosnia where washington is sponsoring a special program to equip and train the moslem croat federation army .
the un conference on trade and development announced here friday the creation of a fund topping #.# billion dollars aimed at helping the world 's neediest countries .
an f-## fighter intercepted a commercial airliner off new jersey , setting off collision warning alarms that prompted the pilot of the boeing ### to take evasive action , a pentagon spokesman said friday .
queen elizabeth ii 's royal yacht britannia arrived in the southern yemen port of aden for a three-day visit en route to hong kong on its final voyage after ## years of service .
a senior serb leader in eastern slavonia called on his fellow serbs to remain after the area reverts back to croatian government control , the yugoslav news agency , tanjug , reported friday .
us president bill clinton and russian president boris yeltsin will hold a summit meeting in march in helsinki , a white house official told afp friday .
the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- made a slight upward revision in its figure for world oil demand in the fourth quarter last year , from ##.# to ##.# million barrels a day , it said in its monthly report issued on friday .
lvmh moet hennessy louis vuitton , which wants to buy the minority stake in dfs group ltd. it does not already own , is close to agreeing purchase terms with robert miller , a founder of dfs group , the wall street journal reported , citing sources close to the deal .
us president bill clinton and russian president boris yeltsin will hold a summit meeting in march in helsinki , a russian spokesman said friday .
a top aide to bosnian president alija izetbegovic denied friday that a former bosnian minister sacked under us pressure because of his ties to iran was setting up a spy service in bosnia .
an f-## intercepted a commercial airliner off new jersey , setting off collision warning alarms that prompted the pilot of the boeing ### to take evasion action , a pentagon spokesman said friday .
the dollar was up friday following the release of us government january unemployment figures , <unk> strong against major european currencies .
us president bill clinton and russian president boris yeltsin will hold a summit meeting on march ##-## in helsinki , vice president al gore said friday .
copper prices fell slightly on friday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- after profit-taking prompted by a large rise in lme copper stocks , dealers said .
a lonely alcoholic in barren kazakhstan has found an unlikely friend and drinking partner in the form of a rare , black cockroach , the official newspaper <unk> pravda reported on friday .
gunmen holding hostages in eastern tajikistan freed two red cross employees friday as hopes brightened for the swift release of ## other captives including un officials , aid workers and journalists .
the french scientist credited with discovering the hiv virus could face enforced retirement after a change in the law stating that senior experts can not work beyond the age of ## , officials said friday .
spanish police seized one and a half tonnes of cocaine on a fishing vessel off the canary islands in a massive overnight operation , arresting ## people , the interior ministry announced friday .
a ##-day-old strike by unionized workers at two plants of independent auto parts supplier johnson controls on friday idled #,### workers at ford plants in michigan and ohio , a ford spokeswoman said .
spanish police seized one and a half tonnes of cocaine on a fishing vessel off the canary islands in a massive overnight operation , arresting ## people , the interior ministry announced friday .
the zairean government and the un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata have reached agreement on repatriating refugees currently in eastern zaire , ogata said here friday .
spanish police seized one and a half tonnes of cocaine on a fishing vessel off the canary islands in a massive overnight operation , arresting ## people , the interior ministry announced friday .
the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- is considering reinforcing its troops around the disputed bosnian town of brcko , whose status is due to be resolved by arbitrators later this month , sfor officials said friday .
us automobile giant ford headed off a strike threat at its british operations on friday after reaching a deal with unions to safeguard the future of the company 's halewood vehicle plant near liverpool , northwest england .
a man shouting something about `` satan worshippers '' drove his jeep up the steps of parliament here friday , narrowly missing an employee .
czech president vaclav <unk> will visit the united states in may where he will collect a prize and undergo medical tests , officials and local media said friday .
saudi arabia , several other gulf arab states , the palestinians and libya announced that the feast of fitr marking the end of the moslem fasting month of ramadan is to start on saturday .
britain friday began a top-level inquiry into allegations of pedophile activity at a secure mental hospital that houses some of the most dangerous of britain 's criminally insane .
the number of racist and anti-semitic attacks in germany fell in #### by ## percent , according to a federal criminal police report , cited by a parliamentarian friday .
london shares followed wall street to reach a record high this week , as dealers turned a keen eye towards monetary policy meetings on both sides of the atlantic and shrugged off the prospect of an imminent rate rise .
ghana 's opposition stalled the #### budget presentation friday by challenging in the supreme court the legitimacy of the finance minister , who has sole authority to deliver the finance bill .
a commercial airliner 's frightening roller coaster ride with an f-## fighter on its tail was the focus friday of a probe by air force and federal investigators , officials said .
slovenian president milan kucan urged the country 's political parties friday to cooperate to break a political deadlock , a day after the parliament sprang a surprise by failing to approve a new government .
swaziland government and union officials were locked in talks friday evening aimed at resolving a five-day strike to force constitutional reforms in this tiny kingdom , union leaders said .
over ##,### people marched in the streets of this coastal town friday chanting slogans denouncing president sali berisha and calling for the resignation of the government .
a state of emergency was declared friday in ecuador by abdala bucaram , the deposed president whose ouster from power in a congressional vote has prompted a constitutional crisis here .
foreign ministers and high-ranking officials from ## countries in the black sea region met here friday to adopt a document that would pave the way for the creation of a free trade zone .
at least nine people died in rebel attacks in different parts of the country overnight thursday , a military spokesman said friday .
the us justice department said friday it has launched an investigation into competitive practices in the us credit card industry .
gunmen took some ## people hostage friday in a robbery attempt in downtown <unk> , a city official said .
the franchise to run the privatised rail service intercity west coast between london and scotland has been won by richard branson 's virgin group which already runs the service between scotland and southwest england , officials announced friday .
republican senators have threatened to keep a freeze on us dues to the united nations unless payment is linked to specific reforms by the international organization .
president bill clinton heads to the capitol next week to thrash out differences with the republican majority over his new #### budget proposal , senate leader trent lott said friday .
hundreds of serbs demonstrated friday in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , over the impending return of the area to croatian rule , the un said .
former italian premier silvio berlusconi is to face further corruption charges in a fresh court case announced friday , bringing to three the number of trials against the media magnate .
president bill clinton set a date friday to meet with russian president boris yeltsin in helsinki next month for a summit which could prove crucial to efforts to break down moscow 's antagonism to nato enlargement .
saudi arabia and several other arab states announced friday that the fitr feast marking the end of the moslem fasting month of ramadan is to start on saturday .
the united states has detected an improvement in talks with china on its admission to the world trade organization and is now `` very optimistic '' on prospects for progress , a us trade official disclosed friday .
hundreds of state employees occupied various government ministries here on friday demanding pay increases , said union officials .
prime minister rafic hariri is to visit rome on february ## for talks with italian officials and pope john paul ii , lebanese officials said friday .
ecuador 's vice-president rosalia arteaga , who was engaged in a bitter three-way struggle for power friday , is known here as an ambitious politician who likes to confront her rivals with a disarming smile .
a british airways concorde , en route from london to new york , was diverted here friday after developing engine trouble over the atlantic , airport officials said .
peru 's anti-terrorist police announced friday the arrest of a suspected tupac amaru rebel they said tried to extort ###,### dollars from the family of a hostage in the japanese ambassador 's residence .
the un security council on friday called for an end to hostilities in zaire and the withdrawal of all foreign forces , including mercenaries .
danish cooperation minister , poul nielson , will raise the issue of human rights and democratisation during his week-long official trip to kenya next week , local media reported friday .
a commercial airliner 's frightening roller coaster ride with an f-## fighter on its tail was the focus friday of a probe by air force and federal investigators , officials said .
the possibility of a five-nation summit to define nato relations with russia ahead of a scheduled meeting for all nato members in july is `` still in the air '' german chancellor helmut kohl said friday .
more than ## hostages held for several hours in a philadelphia check - cashing establishment were freed friday , a police spokeswoman said .
us secretary of state madeleine albright met with mexican counterpart jose angel gurria here friday and emphasized the strength of us ties with latin america .
germany on friday criticised the russian parliament 's decision to declare as russian property art treasures seized by the red army in germany during world war ii .
consumer credit in the united states rose a seasonally adjusted #.# billion dollars in december , the federal reserve reported friday .
the owner of a nightclub in miami has been charged with attempting to buy a russian submarine for colombian drug traffickers that would have been used to ship cocaine to the united states , police said friday .
a top government official said that russia 's debt to its pensioners will reach ##.# trillion rubles -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- by the end of this month , the itar-tass news agency announced .
greece and russia friday signed a defense cooperation treaty that would permit sales of russian military equipment to athens and the creation of joint arms production companies , a senior greek defense official announced .
a serb is to appear before a german court later this month charged with crimes against humanity relating to actions carried out during the bosnian conflict , judicial officials said friday .
poland refused friday to extradite a chinese couple sought by beijing for bank fraud , judicial officials announced .
the united states has offered to open discussions on a new start iii arms reduction treaty , vice president al gore said friday .
a second near miss between military aircraft and a commercial airliner occurred friday off the east coast of the united states , a military source said .
more than ## hostages held for several hours in a philadelphia check - cashing establishment were freed friday , a police spokeswoman said .
the russian federal security service -lrb- fsb -rrb- on friday dismissed claims that the secret service -- successor to the feared kgb -- is planning attacks against chechen leaders .
an attorney told the jury in the civil wrongful death suit friday to ignore american football legend o.j. simpson 's pleas of poverty and punish him <unk> for killing two people .
a committee of concentration camp survivors is seeking compensation from the german electronics group siemens which it says used them as slave labor during world war ii .
foreign investment in russia is expected to reach # billion dollars in #### , economics minister yevgeny yasin said friday .
the united states has offered to open discussions with russia on a new start iii arms reduction treaty , vice president al gore said friday .
zimbabwe came back from the brink of disaster to score a sensational three wicket win in the one-day international against india here friday .
blue chip stocks closed higher friday following the release of the latest us employment figures .
the un security council friday formally condemned attacks on international personnel in tajikistan and demanded the immediate release of ## hostages held by a maverick islamic group .
a flight of four f-## fighters passed above and below an american eagle plane friday in the second close encounter this week between civilian and military aircraft , an air force official said .
the un security council on friday called for an end to hostilities in zaire and the withdrawal of all foreign forces in a formal reaction to a rebel offensive in eastern zaire .
president bill clinton 's nominee to head the cia will pay a #,###-dollar fine for failing to sell <unk> stocks while serving as national security advisor , the white house said friday .
the dropped lost against leading currencies except the pound sterling on friday afternoon here after remarks by treasury secretary <unk> rubin eroded earlier gains .
a meeting to finalize a new draft agreement on the sale of uncut russian diamonds to de beers is expected to be held within days , the interfax news service announced .
diana , princess of wales , on friday withdrew her support for an aids fundraising book by fashion designer gianni versace featuring pictures of naked men alongside photographs of the royal family .
this year 's rio carnival officially kicked off friday evening with mayor luis paolo conde presenting symbolic keys of the city to `` king momo '' , a character representing all of the carnival 's excesses , his queen and his two princesses .
rock star david bowie has broken new ground in the world of finance by raising ## million dollars through the issuance of bonds backed by future royalties , the firm handling the deal said here .
police in the russian autonomous republic of <unk> detained a man accused of cannibalism , the interfax news agency reported .
police scuttled plans for a contract killing of the director of a moscow-based trading company and arrested the three individuals believed to be behind it , the itar-tass news agency reported saturday .
jurors in the civil suit against american football star o.j. simpson asked friday for financial records to determine punitive damages against him for killing two people .
the jury that found american football hero o.j. simpson liable for killing two people deliberated for two hours friday and adjourned without establishing punitive damages .
a gunman killed at least six people and wounded ## others in a shooting rampage saturday in the central north island town of <unk> , south of here , police said .
a gunman killed at least six people and wounded ## others in a shooting rampage saturday in the central north island town of <unk> , south of here , police said .
blue chip stocks were up and down this week , but a strong bond market on news of continued steady growth without inflationary pressure enabled the dow to close on an up note .
an unnamed american collector paid ###,### francs -lrb- around ##,### dollars -rrb- friday for a photograph of the hand of french writer victor hugo at an auction here friday .
poland and the european union are still at odds over an assembly plant for daewoo cars from south korea which european makers say is unfairly escaping customs duties , a polish official said here .
italy 's alitalia airline had to delay for ## hours a flight from rome to nairobi this week because a cat managed to get aboard the boeing ### before it took off .
six people were confirmed dead saturday and police were hunting for other bodies after a gunman went on a rampage through this small mountain town in new zealand 's central north island .
south african corrie sanders got up from the canvas to knock out arthur weathers in the first round of their ##-round heavyweight fight friday , and immediately began looking forward to a world title shot .
south african corrie sanders got up from the canvas to knock out arthur weathers in the first round of their ##-round heavyweight fight friday , and immediately began looking forward to a world title shot .
the indonesian province of west kalimantan remained tense saturday following days of ethnic unrest , with the authorities barring street processions for the moslem idul fitri celebrations sunday .
a prominent indonesian moslem leader known as a frequent government critic has made the surprising move of cooperating with president suharto 's oldest daughter , news reports said saturday .
an indonesian ferry carrying ### passengers was partially burned when a box of firecrackers exploded on board , injuring ## passengers , reports said saturday .
secretary of state madeleine albright on friday said that us diplomatic relations with russia were not dependent solely on washington 's relationship with boris yeltsin .
president bill clinton said friday he was concerned about the cypriot government 's plan to buy anti-aircraft missiles from russia and turkey 's threats of military strikes in response .
finance ministers from the world 's seven top industrialized nations prepared to meet here saturday against a background of a soaring dollar , but were not expected to try to change the trend .
guatemala 's four main rebel movements will dissolve and form a political party , former guerrilla commander pablo monsanto said friday .
a john kennedy airport baggage handler who in #### stole the duchess of york 's jewels -- worth some ###,### dollars -- was sentenced to four years probation , court officials said .
separatism and illegal religious activity will be the main targets this year of law enforcers in xinjiang , according to the far northwestern chinese region 's top government official .
a local nurse emerged as a heroine saturday for ignoring a rampaging gunman to treat an injured victim lying in a road .
police searched for more victims saturday after a lone gunman in a remote new zealand ski hamlet left at least six people dead , with several others still missing .
<unk> ahmed , the lead vocalist of bangladesh 's leading band `` miles '' , was in a critical condition saturday after being shot from the back by unidentified gunmen at his dhaka home , hospital officials said .
an aide to former prime minister p.v. narasimha rao turned against his boss and said the former leader withheld key documents on the assassination of his predecessor rajiv gandhi six years ago , reports said saturday .
a controversial deregulation of retail fuel prices in the philippines came into force saturday despite continuing protests against the policy .
indonesia 's rapid urbanization is causing a potential population problem in the cities , where more than one-third of people now reside , a minister was quoted as saying saturday .
visiting russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin was to travel to the us heartland saturday for key trade talks with midwest business leaders and a tour of the chicago auto show .
a man armed with a shotgun went on a shooting rampage in this tiny new zealand ski hamlet saturday , leaving at least six people dead .
pakistan prime minister-elect nawaz sharif 's landslide election victory was welcomed saturday by bangladesh and raised hopes for some ###,### <unk> stranded in squalid camps here of returning home .
an aide to former prime minister p.v. narasimha rao turned against his boss and said the former leader withheld key documents on the assassination of his predecessor rajiv gandhi six years ago , reports said saturday .
a dog named sever has wound up the breadwinner of a family with five young children , itar-tass news agency reported saturday .
sony india pvt ltd. , the fully-owned subsidiary of japan 's sony corp. , said saturday it had failed to meet government norms on the sourcing of indian components due to the poor quality of the items .
tens of thousands of indonesians jammed jakarta 's ports , bus and train stations saturday at the start of an annual exodus to the countryside to mark islam 's holiest holiday , reports said .
the indian government is to set up an autonomous commission to recommend appropriate tariff levels for all traded goods , officials said saturday .
tamil tiger guerrillas directed a barrage of artillery fire at a police base in northern sri lanka , killing at least two constables and wounding two others , officials said saturday .
influential philippine poet and national artist , jose garcia villa , has died in the united states at the age of ## , friends in manila said here saturday .
children in the united states have the highest rates of homicide , suicide and gun-related deaths in the industrialized world , according to a report from the us centers for disease control .
cvs corp. has agreed to acquire revco in a deal worth some #.# billion dollars creating the second largest us chain of <unk> stores .
bahrain has expanded its alba smelter to nearly ###,### tonnes per year to maintain its position as the biggest aluminium plant in the middle east , an alba official said on saturday .
the rampage by a lone gunman in rural new zealand saturday should spark a gun control debate like the one that led to tougher laws in australia after last year 's port arthur massacre in which ## people died , a gun control lobbyist said saturday .
a member of the eta basque separatist organization hanged himself in prison outside madrid , police said saturday citing prison sources .
new caledonia 's leading pro-independence party , the union <unk> -lrb- uc -rrb- , wants a movement towards `` sovereignty in #### in a legal state of free association with france , '' the group 's president bernard <unk> said saturday .
the united states , britain and spain will withhold contributions to the un environment programme -lrb- unep -rrb- because its governing council failed to adopt a draft resolution aimed at restructuring the agency , a unep spokesman said saturday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat said saturday that ## palestinian women held in israeli jails would be released in the next few days .
the dollar has risen enough and its correction against the german mark should end , german bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said here saturday .
king hussein of jordan left for london on saturday for talks with british prime minister john major on the middle east peace process , officials said .
a cyprus-registered cargo ship was reported missing saturday off the southwest coast of norway and rescue workers sent to the site found two empty life boats , emergency services said .
a ##-year-old man has been charged with murder after at least six people were killed when a lone gunman went on the rampage in a new zealand ski village , police said .
cambodia 's second prime minister hun sen on saturday visited this former khmer rouge stronghold , distributing polio vaccine to children .
a cyprus-registered cargo ship was thought to have sunk saturday with ## crewmen on board off the southwest coast of norway , emergency services said .
a ##-year-old man was saturday charged with murder after a naked gunman went on a shooting rampage in this new zealand ski hamlet , leaving at least six people dead , police said .
the dollar has risen enough and its correction against the german mark should end , german bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said here saturday , in an expected call for exchange rates to stabilize .
jordan 's king hussein said he was preparing to invite leaders of the sudanese opposition to amman in an attempt to end the war in the african country .
british overseas development minister baroness chalker called saturday for dialogue between zairean president mobutu sese seko `` and those who feel the kinshasa government has n't given good governance to kivu and other parts of zaire .
a prostitute in this northern french city survived a murder attempt by fellow <unk> who wanted to get rid of her for charging customers too little , police said saturday .
pakistani prime minister-designate nawaz sharif 's party , which swept the elections for the national assembly -lrb- lower house -rrb- a week ago , is also expecting a majority in the senate , party sources said .
british health minister stephen dorrell will address the house of commons monday on an enquiry into charges of pedophilia at a secure mental hospital .
russian lawmakers have questioned the authenticity of president boris yeltsin 's signature on a recent document and plan to consult handwriting experts , a newspaper reported saturday .
a gunman went on a shooting spree in this new zealand ski hamlet on saturday , leaving at least six people dead and five seriously wounded in one of the country 's worst mass killings .
iranian leader ayatollah ali khamenei pardoned or reduced sentences for ### prisoners to mark the end of the moslem fasting month of ramadan to be celebrated here on sunday , state television said .
all catholic churches in the philippines ' are to stage a mass bell ringing to show grief over the murder of a roman catholic bishop earlier this week , a church civic action group said saturday .
an aide to former prime minister p.v. narasimha rao turned against his boss saying the ex-premier withheld documents on the assassination of rajiv gandhi six years ago , reports said saturday .
at least ## hindu pilgrims died saturday when a van in which they were traveling overturned in the southern indian state of tamil nadu , the united news of india reported .
albanian police packed the center of tirana on saturday , using force to prevent protestors from staging a banned rally , and hauling in opposition leaders for questioning as they headed for the city center .
a cyprus-registered cargo ship went down early saturday off the southwest coast of norway and all ## polish crewmen on board were still missing at midday , emergency services said .
palestinian leader yasser arafat began saturday the celebrations of the eid al-fitr moslem holiday with a visit to graves of palestinians killed in fighting with israel .
portuguese scientists have discovered two <unk> on portugal 's western coast near the capital lisbon , which were probably used more than ### years ago on board a trade vessel plying the route to the indies .
afghanistan 's ultra-orthodox taliban militia is to to restore television broadcasting to kabul , but only to show programs which conform to islamic principles , an official said saturday .
the family of brenda ann stevens , the tourist killed during hong kong 's annual lunar new year parade friday , will come to the territory from britain to formally identify her body , police said .
a total of ### workers were on hunger strike over unpaid salaries in eastern and northern kazakhstan saturday as unions warned of increasing anger over the worst economic crisis to hit the country since <unk> .
two fishermen from the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- and bangladesh were killed and one injured when an explosion ripped through their boat off the eastern coast of the gulf country , police said on saturday .
an armed rebellion apparently tied to political <unk> has broken out in the ranks of khmer rouge defectors forcing the cambodian army to confiscate weapons in the country 's northwest , military officials and rebellion leaders said saturday .
taiwan will rebuild and equip a hospital in ziguinchor , in the south of senegal , for #.# billion cfa francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , health minister ousmane ngom said saturday .
ailing zairean president mobutu sese seko returned to zaire discreetly after a month-long absence , heading straight to his native village of <unk> in northern zaire without stopping in kinshasa .
french authorities ordered a brand of powdered baby milk be withdrawn from the market after cases of salmonella were reported among babies , officials said saturday .
us-based arco and russia 's largest oil company , lukoil , have finalized a joint venture that will invest up to five billion dollars in oil and gas projects over the next ## years .
madrid is in `` no hurry '' to achieve joint sovereignty with london over the british colony of gibraltar , and is willing to wait up to ## years to achieve it , a top spanish official said saturday .
french president jacques chirac conferred france 's highest decoration saturday on the late us ambassador to france , pamela harriman , awarding the diplomat the grand cross of the legion of honour at a tribute ceremony .
rail traffic in italy was to be halted saturday evening after unions called for a ##-hour general strike over government plans to restructure the state rail company .
notorious criminal charles sobhraj , accused of up to ## murders in asia in the ####s and ####s , appealed saturday against his detention in prison two days after a court ordered his release .
french president jacques chirac conferred france 's highest decoration saturday on the late us ambassador to france , pamela harriman , awarding the diplomat the grand cross of the legion of honour at a tribute ceremony .
a german woman who died of a brain disorder was killed by the classic form of the illness and not by a strain thought linked to `` mad cow '' disease , local authorities said saturday .
albanian police packed the center of tirana on saturday , using force to prevent protestors from staging a banned rally , and hauling in opposition leaders for questioning as they headed for the city center .
philippine president fidel ramos on saturday fired a salvo at the supreme court for throwing out a successful foreign bid to buy manila 's premier hotel .
swiss racer bruno kernen became the downhill skiing world champion here on saturday , earning his second medal in the championships with a time of #:##.## .
hundreds of thousands of hong kongers gathered on the territory 's harbor front saturday to see in the last lunar new year under british rule with a spectacular fireworks display .
un organizations evacuated most of their staff from tajikistan to neighbouring uzbekistan saturday as talks continued for the release of ## hostages , including nine un workers , a unhcr spokesman said .
iranian foreign minister ali akbar velayati said saturday his country would not tolerate what he called germany 's `` flagrant interference '' in the case of an iranian dissident writer imprisoned here .
hundreds of egyptian pilgrims who went on the rampage in jeddah airport because there were not enough flights home were finally put on planes out of saudi arabia on saturday .
about ### people marched through berlin on saturday to protest against a meeting there of the finance ministers and central bank governors of the group of seven leading industrialised nations -lrb- g# -rrb- .
pope john paul ii resumed his work activities saturday after being laid up for three days with the flu , vatican officials said .
belgian judicial investigators have uncovered a bank account in luxembourg that was allegedly used to funnel funds to two belgian socialist political activists who now are facing corruption charges , the brussels newspaper le soir reported .
the palestinians have contacted several arab governments to organize an urgent arab summit on jerusalem and the protection of its moslem holy sites , a senior official said in remarks published saturday .
hundreds of thousands of hong kongers gathered on the territory 's harbor front saturday to see in the last lunar new year under british rule with a spectacular fireworks display .
a close aide of rajiv gandhi on saturday urged the indian government to clear the name of the former prime minister in a controversial #.# - billion-dollar arms deal .
france has proposed holding a <unk> conference on the refugee crisis in the war-torn great lakes region , the french minister for emergency humanitarian action , xavier emmanuelli , said saturday .
two merchant ships collided with each other in the english channel saturday but there was no serious damage , the french coastguard said .
king hussein of jordan spoke with iraqi president saddam hussein on the phone on saturday for the first time in several months , iraq 's official radio baghdad said .
a young italian <unk> , dressed as adolf hitler , was denied entry to an aids fundraising costume ball at a rome discotheque , organizers of the event said saturday .
the seven leading industrialised countries agreed satruday that an `` <unk> volatility '' on foreign exchange markets is `` undesirable , '' according to a statement issued on their behalf by conference host germany .
belgrade 's international film festival , halted last week in protest at police attacks on pro-democracy demonstrators , will resume showing films again on tuesday , organisers said saturday .
the world bank president , james wolfensohn , arrived here saturday on the first leg of an african tour which will also take in ghana , south africa and mozambique .
pakistan 's prime <unk> nawaz sharif on saturday welcomed indian prime minister h. d. deve gowda 's expressed desire for a dialogue between the two countries .
a confused german man drove ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- on the wrong lane of a highway between the netherlands and germany , until his car broke down and another driver hit him , dutch police said saturday .
visiting russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and us vice president al gore flew into this snow-covered midwestern metropolis saturday for talks with regional business leaders and a tour of the chicago auto show .
turkish president suleyman demirel jumped to the defense of the secular state saturday , hitting out at the ruling islamic party and its plans to realign the country along fundamentalist principles .
sierra leonean president ahmed tejan kabbah said saturday he had pardoned a former army commander serving a life sentence for treason to try to rebuild peace in the country .
the group of seven leading industrial nations came down hard saturday against continued rise in the us dollar and hinted they would intervene on currency markets if the volatility continued , in a text released by the seven delegations .
prime minister-designate nawaz sharif said saturday he will assume the premiership on february ## following a vote of confidence in him by the new parliament .
nato troops stepped up patrols saturday in the divided bosnian city of mostar to ease tension that has soared in the wake of ## explosions which have rocked the town in recent days .
european monetary union and the planned single currency barely figured at saturday 's meeting of group seven finance ministers and central bankers , according to participants .
two million pilgrims on saturday descended on mecca 's grand mosque , islam 's holiest shrine , as moslems across the middle east began the eid al-fitr feast marking the end of the fasting month of ramadan .
un investigators said on saturday they have found no evidence of a clash between greek cypriots and turkish soldiers on the green line dividing cyprus , casting doubts on turkish cypriot claims this week .
a brazilian woman sentenced to life in prison in #### in connection with the killing of an israeli soldier is to be freed in jerusalem shortly , news reports quoting israeli sources said here saturday .
thousands of people gathered here saturday for a march to protest the role played by switzerland in the suffering of europe 's jews during world war ii .
iran 's rightwing religious conservatives were running ahead of a coalition of islamic moderates and leftwingers in legislative by - elections , according to partial results published saturday .
prime minister-designate nawaz sharif said saturday he will assume the premiership on february ## following a vote of confidence in him by the new parliament .
the tajik government has given in to demands by gunmen holding ## hostages in tajikistan securing the release of the captives , news agencies here reported saturday .
here is the text of the statement released by finance ministers of the group of seven -lrb- g# -rrb- leading industrial nations on braking the rise in the us dollar .
un high commissioner for refugees , sadako ogata , made a brief visit to a swarming refugee camp south of here saturday , and said afterwards that the refugees ' future depended on politicians and the military .
gunfire was heard in the zairean rebel stronghold of goma on saturday , journalists said , but there was no immediate explanation for the shots .
us treasury secretary robert rubin agreed here saturday with other g# finance ministers on reining in the booming dollar but declared that `` a strong dollar is in the us interest .
the presidents of five central european countries will attend celebrations along with pope john paul ii marking the millennium of the martyrdom of poland 's patron saint adalbert , church officials said here saturday .
a member of italy 's infamous red brigades , which terrorized the country with a string of attacks in the ####s and ##s , was arrested here saturday after ## years on the run , police said .
ecuador 's leadership crisis deepened saturday with the head of the armed forces resigning and three claimants to the presidency still maneuvering for power .
the long process of beatifying a pro-solidarity priest killed by police in #### got underway saturday with a mass celebrated by archbishop of warsaw cardinal jozef glemp .
israel has lodged a protest with the south lebanon truce committee after the discovery of five bombs it says were planted in its self - declared `` security zone '' by hezbollah guerrillas , an israeli army spokesman said saturday .
a colombian town will take venezuela before the interamerican court of human rights for the death of a three-year-old boy in venezuelan army gunfire , the town 's mayor said saturday .
all flights by the french airline air france europe will be canceled sunday , the company announced , after pilot unions called a one-day strike .
an exchange of gunfire near prime minister kamal al-ganzuri 's cairo residence on saturday sparked a report the egyptian premier had been attacked , government officials said .
investigators in the twa flight ### crash that killed ### people last july said saturday they are still examining `` every possibility '' why the boeing ### went down off new york 's long island .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata arrived in nairobi saturday for talks on the civil war raging in eastern zaire after visiting the threatened <unk> refugee camp there .
ugandan president yoweri museveni on saturday urged zaire to reach out to its neighbors to end the zairean conflict , and repeated that ugandan troops were not fighting inside zaire .
`` breaking the waves '' by danish director lars von trier was awarded france 's top film prize , the cesar , as best foreign film here saturday .
visiting russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and us vice president al gore were booed saturday as they turned up late for the opening of the chicago auto show .
eurotunnel is to raise prices on its shuttle service from france through the channel tunnel from the end of march , the consortium announced here saturday .
police escorted some ### roman catholic worshippers from church near here saturday in the teeth of a hostile demonstration by hundreds of hardline protestants .
`` ridicule '' by patrice leconte won france 's top film prize , the cesar , saturday as best film of the year .
five miners were killed as the result of an accident at the karl marx coal mine in the donetsk region of the ukraine , the itar-tass news agency reported .
the lithuanian parliament has adopted a law on the legal status of participants in the resistance movements against german and soviet occupation , itar-tass news agency reported saturday .
us secretary of state madeleine albright paid tribute to pamela harriman on saturday as the casket containing the mortal remains of the late us ambassador to paris was received with full military honors at an air base near here saturday .
the united states and the marshall islands have agreed to a major overhaul of the ##-year-old medical research program for nuclear victims in the marshall islands , a senior american official said sunday .
nearly #,### people ate what was claimed to be the world 's largest custard tart saturday in the village of <unk> , near brussels , saturday , the belga news agency reported .
a man considered to be the head of one of poland 's leading criminal gangs was arrested at the weekend following the discovery of a small arsenal at his home , the pap news agency reported saturday .
rain delayed the start of the fourth day of the second cricket test between new zealand and england on sunday .
a record swedish lottery win of more than ## million kronor -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- saturday could be unbeaten , as the government plans to put a ceiling on such wins .
visiting russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and us vice president al gore flew back to washington late saturday after meeting with regional business leaders and touring the chicago auto show .
sweden is to probe its alleged links with nazi germany , including supplying parts for v-# rockets and assisting nazis after the war , the foreign ministry said here saturday .
the duchess of york still owes the british taxman #.# million pounds -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- , after paying off her six-million-dollar bank overdraft , a press report said sunday .
relatives of a hong kong doctor , one of the three held for homicide after claiming they transplanted a pig 's heart into a human , maintain he is innocent and pleaded sunday for his release on bail .
a delegation of french senators has arrived here , the first official group from paris to visit australia since the end of a row over nuclear testing .
the us federal aviation administration has asked for a review of flight procedures in and around restricted military air spaces after two collision scares involving f-## fighters and civilian aircraft , the faa said saturday .
a row at a family reunion may have led to the mass murder of six people and wounding of five other that has rocked new zealand , reports said sunday .
booming telecoms demand in the southern chinese city of guangzhou pushed the number of lines up to one for every two inhabitants by the end of #### , xinhua reported sunday .
leaders of the ecuadoran congress were heading to the defense ministry late saturday to hold talks on defusing a constitutional crisis over the presidency , said heinz moeller , leader of the social christian party 's members of congress .
singapore telecommunications ltd. -lrb- singtel -rrb- , the largest listed company in asia outside of japan , has opposed a us move to unilaterally slash payments to foreign phone companies , officials said sunday .
the peruvian government and leftist rebels are likely to hold initial talks on the lima hostage crisis at a private house near the japanese ambassador 's residence where ## people are held , press reports said sunday .
swansea town officials have asked for a state investigation of a former dog officer who has been accused of killing more than ### stray dogs in the last three years .
tamil tiger guerrillas fired another artillery volley at a government - held town in northern sri lanka , causing panic among civilians , residents said sunday .
a new york private investigator says he has located ### nazi war criminals living in canada -- many of them by simply looking them up in the phone book .
syrian president hafez al-assad was in a coma for two weeks after losing consciousness at the end of last year , the sunday times reported , quoting governmental sources .
prime minister john major is the weakness of the governing conservative party as it prepares to embark on a general election campaign , a key leader of that campaign was widely quoted sunday as saying .
passenger car sales fell ##.# percent in january compared with a year earlier to #,### units , the chamber of automotive manufacturers of the philippines , inc. -lrb- campi -rrb- said sunday .
<unk> schemes are to be tried in australia this year in an effort to reduce the country 's chronically high youth unemployment , prime minister john howard said sunday .
india has lifted restrictions on import of cosmetics as parts of its free-market economic reforms , commerce minister b.b. <unk> said in remarks published sunday .
german physicist reinhold ewald , ## , heads for russia 's mir space station monday aboard a russian soyuz rocket launched from the <unk> cosmodrome .
communist rebels and the philippine government have agreed to resume formal peace negotiations in march , president fidel ramos said in a statement sunday .
the older brother of the former speaker of the russian parliament was freed by his captors in chechnya after spending nearly six months as a hostage , itar-tass news agency reported sunday .
some ##,### representatives of companies involved in multimedia products were expected to gather here sunday for the fourth annual <unk> trade fair .
communist rebels and the philippine government have agreed to resume formal peace negotiations in march , president fidel ramos said in a statement sunday .
us firm enron power corp. , which was mired in a political storm over the building of india 's largest private power plant , wants to invest in a string of plants to generate ##,### megawatts of power , domestic news agencies said sunday .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii on sunday sent a message of sympathy to relatives of the six people killed in the mass shooting in the new zealand village of <unk> .
tamil tiger rebels retaliated against a major army offensive by firing artillery shells at a government-held town in northern sri lanka , causing panic but no reported casualties , officials and local residents said sunday .
india has ordered an unspecified number of high-speed <unk> naval craft from israel , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported sunday .
an outbreak of the rare bacterial disease anthrax in a bangkok suburb has killed one and hospitalised several others , reports said sunday .
a high-profile indian politician denied sunday having blamed then premier p.v. narasimha rao for the demolition of a mosque five years ago that sparked bloody hindu-moslem violence .
new zealand cricket authorities set underway a damage limitation exercise sunday over reports of late night drinking by kiwi players during the second test against england .
india 's oldest motorcycle manufacturer , ideal <unk> ltd. , has turned sick because of stiff competition from japanese firms and is up for sale , officials said sunday .
indian officials on sunday began counting the millions of votes cast in the northern state of punjab in elections tipped to be won by a <unk> alliance .
china has spent ##.# billion yuan -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- or a daily average of ## million yuan -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- over the past four years to build its ambitious three gorges dam , the people 's daily reported sunday .
iranian leader ayatollah ali khamenei issued a stern warning to the gulf arab states on sunday not to participate in a us military attack against the islamic republic .
robert croft took three wickets in ## deliveries that had a sobering effect on new zealand just as they had looked to be setting up a new great escape .
south korean prosecutors on sunday confirmed they were to start summoning politicians and officials to grill them on whether they had pressured banks to extend loans to the debt-stricken hanbo group .
israeli legislators from the right and left have met with former security officials for an unprecedented discussion on a possible unilateral israeli withdrawal from lebanon , israel radio reported sunday .
the un food agency sunday expressed concern over the rapidly deteriorating humanitarian crisis in eastern zaire , where thousands of refugees are threatened with starvation and disease .
india 's inflation rose #.## percentage point to #.## percent in the week ending january ## , officials said sunday .
crack south african police units specialising in hostage situations are on standby to possibly help end a four-day police mutiny in the capital of neighbouring lesotho , press reports said sunday .
millions of moslems across asia sunday celebrated the eid al-fitr feast marking the end of the holy month of ramadan amid a backdrop of tension with christian communities in several countries .
rosalia arteaga was named interim president of ecuador early sunday , ending a three-day political crisis in the south american country .
tiger woods of the united states lifted the ###,### us dollar asian honda classic title on sunday with his final round ## giving him a ##-stroke winning lead over mo joong kyung of korea .
navy gunboats and helicopter gunships sank two high speed boats belonging to tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka sunday as the rebels pounded a strategic town with artillery , officials said .
rosalia arteaga , the vice president under ousted leader abdala bucaram , was named interim president of ecuador early sunday , ending a three-day political crisis in the south american country .
iran resumed a rail link on sunday with the autonomous azeri republic of nakhichevan , disrupted nine years ago with the onset of the war between azerbaijan and the armenians , iran 's official news agency irna said .
philippine president fidel ramos defended his criticism of the supreme court after it threw out a winning foreign bid to buy a five-star hotel , press secretary hector villanueva said sunday .
prime minister mahathir mohamad sunday advised malaysians to adopt a cautious attitude when investing in countries such as the philippines so as not to be branded as `` greedy '' .
suspected guerrillas of a breakway communist rebel faction killed a police commander sunday in a town north of this central philippine city , police said .
polling stations opened sunday for the second round of by-elections in the southern french town of vitrolles in which the far-right national front looked poised for victory .
tajik gunmen holding ## hostages , including a government minister and nine un staff , made new demands sunday and release of the captives appeared to be some way off .
philippine president fidel ramos defended his criticism of the supreme court after it threw out a winning foreign bid to buy a five-star hotel , press secretary hector villanueva said sunday .
england 's chris law won the australia cup international match-racing yachting event in matilda bay on the swan river for the second time here sunday .
yasar kemal , considered turkey 's greatest living writer , returned home saturday after a three-month stay in stockholm and denied rumors that he had sought political asylum in sweden .
a us military jet fighter with two pilots on board crashed into the sea off south korea 's western coast on sunday , a maritime police spokesman said .
up to ##,### ak## automatic rifles , many of them used in apartheid-era violence , have vanished and are either being stockpiled by political groups or have been exported to foreign conflicts , a press report said here sunday .
a philippine court decision <unk> a tax evasion case against ethnic chinese tycoon lucio tan should prod the tax bureau to work on its `` sloppy and clumsy '' preparation of evidence , president fidel ramos ' spokesman said sunday .
a retired turkish worker who sought to cure his sexual impotence by having a penis transplant from a donkey so irritated his family that his son shot him in the leg , turkish media reported sunday .
czech railway workers on sunday called a halt to a strike that has paralysed train traffic for five days after unions and government reached agreement .
communist rebels and the philippine government have agreed to resume formal peace negotiations in march , president fidel ramos said in a statement sunday .
a campaign to stop logging in northern thailand by <unk> ancestral forests reached a landmark sunday when buddhist monks blessed the ## millionth tree .
the israeli government plans to provide generous loan guarantees to firms which set up in jewish settlements in the west bank and gaza strip , the finance ministry said on sunday .
more than ##,### albanians took part in the fifth consecutive day of anti-government demonstrations in the southern albanian town of vlore , witnesses reported by telephone .
an alliance of sikh and hindu parties sunday was ahead as vote counting was progressing in the first peaceful elections in a decade in the northern indian state of punjab , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- said .
tajik president emomali rakhmonov was holding talks sunday with a top afghan warlord in a bid to win the release of ## hostages , including a government minister and un staff , being held by tajik gunmen .
sudanese opposition factions have agreed to set up a four-year transitional government after the fall of the present regime then hold a referendum on whether to keep the country united , a senior opposition leader said on sunday .
a higher turnout was recorded in a crucial french by-election here on sunday , seen as a good omen for outgoing socialist mayor jean-jacques <unk> , struggling to hold on to city hall against a surge from the extreme right national front .
the chairman of nigeria 's national reconciliation committee , charged with facilitating the transfer to civilian rule , has accused the country 's opposition coalition of `` terrorist acts .
three israeli soldiers were seriously wounded on sunday in a gunbattle with anti-israeli guerrillas in southern lebanon , security sources said .
the search for any surviving members of a ##-man polish crew of a cargo ship which sank off the southwest coast of norway was called off sunday , rescuers said .
at least four israeli soldiers were seriously wounded on sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , security sources said .
prime minister h.d. deve gowda on sunday said he may not be able to offer populist schemes in the upcoming federal budget because of his india 's staggering financial burden .
celebrated swedish film director , ingmar bergman , has attacked sweden 's recent film record accusing the country 's young directors of having `` nothing to say .
at least four israeli soldiers were seriously wounded on sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , security sources said .
madagascar 's former strongman ruler didier ratsiraka was sworn in as the country 's president for the fourth time sunday in a ceremony at the state palace just south of here .
a syrian official sunday called a british newspaper report that president hafez al-assad was in a coma for two weeks in january `` tendentious '' and `` fabricated .
chiefs of staff of the west african economic community -lrb- ecowas -rrb- are to meet here on monday to review the military situation in liberia , state radio reported .
an israeli rabbi was charged with fraud in rabat after two moroccans , including a paralytic , said he tricked them into believing he had cured them , judicial officials said sunday .
turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash on sunday accused the united nations of ignoring greek-cypriot `` aggression '' on the `` green line '' dividing the mediterranean island .
seven israeli soldiers were seriously wounded on sunday in a fierce gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , security sources said .
german defense minister volker ruehe leaves monday for a four-day visit to africa that will take in namibia , south africa and zimbabwe , his ministry announced sunday .
voters ' registration begins across nigeria on monday in a major step towards replacing general sani abacha 's military regime with an elected civilian president by october next year .
tajik president emomali rakhmonov began talks sunday seeking the release of ## hostages -- un staff and a government minister among them -- being held to win the freedom of a former tajik opposition leader .
the annual consultative conference of the ##-state southern african development community -lrb- sadc -rrb- opened here sunday with calls for a more integrated approach to the region 's economic problems .
several thousands members of the belgian army marched through the capital sunday to protest against a planned major restructuring of the armed forces .
four people were killed and several others wounded when moslem and tamil groups clashed in eastern sri lanka sunday , on the day of the eid al-fitr festival , officials said .
a group of basque separatists on sunday set fire to a bus in the basque city of san sebastian in northwestern spain and then fled , the transport company said .
israeli warplanes bombed valleys in south lebanon on sunday near where seven israeli soldiers were injured in a gunbattle earlier with hezbollah guerrillas in the jewish state 's self-declared `` security zone , '' police said .
seven israeli soldiers were wounded sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , the army said .
seven israeli soldiers were wounded sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , the army said .
russia 's security council chief ivan rybkin said sunday he would attend the inauguration of former chechen warlord aslan maskhadov as the republic 's elected president , moscow echo radio said .
two separate blasts overnight rocked the western slovakian town of zilina , ripping through cars and damaging buildings , the national tasr news agency reported sunday .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale hit a sparsely - populated area in the northwestern chinese province of qinghai sunday , although no casualties were reported , the xinhua news agency reported .
tamil guerrillas shot dead a moslem para-military guard in eastern sri lanka sunday , on the day of eid al-fitr feast , and triggered communal violence that left three more people dead , officials said .
a twin-engine plane with ## passengers on board made an emergency landing at milan 's linate airport after developing engine problems , airport officials said sunday .
seven israeli soldiers were wounded on sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , officials said .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu will cut short his official visit to the united states this week as a result of last week 's helicopter accident which killed ## israeli soldiers , his office announced on sunday .
striking greek farmers in the central <unk> region who had threatened to block roads throughout the country sunday suspended their strike action and began moving tractors off a major highway .
four student leaders arrested for spearheading strikes were released sunday , national radio reported , citing burkina faso 's higher education minister maurice <unk> traore .
sein fein leader , gerry adams , called on london sunday to make official contact with his party to explore the possibility of relaunching northern ireland 's troubled peace process .
greek and macedonian human rights and refugee groups urged athens on sunday to repeal a law which prevents <unk> who fled the country ## years ago from returning .
sri lankan security forces sank two rebel boats sunday as tamil guerrillas shelled one key town and in another town killed a moslem guard triggering inter-communal violence , officials said .
seven israeli soldiers were wounded sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , the army said .
seven israeli soldiers were wounded by islamic fighters in israeli - occupied south lebanon on sunday , adding fuel to heated debate in the jewish state over whether it is time to pull out of the neighboring arab state .
a row broke out at the weekend over a ruling by france 's supreme court that appears to legalise bribe payments by french businesses , with an opposition leader charging it was an attempt to cover up cases involving members of the ruling conservative coalition .
seven israeli soldiers were wounded on sunday in a gunbattle with iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon , officials said .
president bill clinton heads to the capitol tuesday to thrash out differences with congress over proposed budget cuts that republicans warn might prove too little , too late to guarantee a return to fiscal balance , as promised , in #### .
president alberto fujimori , who has won international backing for his handling of the hostage crisis , may be losing popular support at home as the standoff drags on .
a high turnout of ##.## percent was recorded in a crucial french by - election here sunday , as an outgoing socialist mayor struggled to hold on to his post against a surge from the extreme right .
a possible amnesty for jews jailed for anti-arab attacks unleashed a heated debate in israel on sunday as the government prepared to free women palestinian prisoners convicted of anti-israeli attacks .
floodwaters in eight provinces of northern and coastal argentina had prompted more than #,### people to leave their homes by sunday .
three inmates died during a prison riot in <unk> , ## kilometres -lrb- ##.# miles -rrb- northwest of sao paulo , prison officials said .
the extreme right national front was in the lead in a cliffhanger battle for control of this southern french town on sunday , according to partial results .
the extreme right national front was in the lead in a cliffhanger battle for control of this southern french town on sunday , according to partial results .
a spanish trawler was under escort to the western french port of la rochelle on sunday after fisheries inspectors found three tonnes of illegally caught hake on board .
the remains of a plane belonging to argentina 's air postal service were found sunday on a mountainside , police said .
a plane of the dutch airline transavia made an emergency landing in nuremberg , germany , because of a technical problem , a company spokesman said sunday .
the extreme right national front was in the lead in a cliffhanger battle for control of this southern french town on sunday , with more than a third of the votes counted , officials said .
twenty-two people were injured sunday evening during violent clashes between protesters and police in the southern port town of vlore , official radio tirana reported .
the extreme right national front was in the lead in a cliffhanger battle for control of this southern french town on sunday , with more than a third of the votes counted , officials said .
transport unions said sunday they were continuing a strike in support of claims for early retirement and shorter working hours that has severely disrupted several provincial french cities .
one person died and at least ## people were injured sunday during violent clashes between anti-government protesters and police in the southern port town of vlore , hospital officials said .
residents of london 's docklands came together on sunday night on the first anniversary of bomb which claimed two lives and marked the ending of the ira ceasefire .
one person died and at least ## people were injured sunday during the worst violence between demonstrators and police in albania since protests erupted last month over the collapse of bogus investment schemes .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian leader yasser arafat announced sunday the creation of eight committees to chart the course for future peace efforts following last month 's watershed hebron accord .
nine people were injured and ## arrested in a wave of weekend violence in spain 's basque country after a member of the eta separatist organization hanged himself , police said .
age finally felled a more than ###-year-old cashew tree here in western cuba , the weekly communist youth publication rebel youth reported sunday .
a working unit of the g# industrialized countries meets here this week to discuss russian nuclear issues including the deadly chernobyl reactor in the ukraine .
the extreme right national front seized control of this southern french town on sunday , securing its fourth mayoralty in the country and opening the way to what it hopes will be a breakthrough in parliamentary elections due next year .
one person died and at least ## people were injured sunday during the worst violence between demonstrators and police in albania since protests erupted last month over the collapse of bogus investment schemes .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu confirmed on sunday that israel will free ## palestinian women prisoners , but no more , a spokesman for the premier said .
the four men who in the past three months have been president of nauru , the world 's smallest republic , were all re-elected in polls intended to end the political tangle , it was reported monday .
some ###,### colombian state employees may strike early this week following the breakdown of talks sunday between union representatives and the government , union sources said .
three people were hurt and seven arrested sunday as the extreme right national front seized control of its fourth municipality in france in controversial elections , police said .
four people died when a plane belonging to argentina 's air postal service crashed on a mountainside in the north of the country shortly before landing , police said sunday .
kelly robbins ended a lengthy duel with emilee klein here sunday with a par at the second play-off hole for victory in the inaugural lpga palm beach national pro-am golf tournament .
mark o'meara became the first player to post back-to-back wins on the us pga tour in two years , capturing the buick invitational by two strokes here sunday .
south korean prosecutors monday summoned one opposition and one ruling party congressman for questioning over the stormy hanbo loans for bribes scandal , radio and television reports said .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the us dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading monday , down from ###.## yen in new york late friday and compared with ###.##-## yen here late friday .
south korean prosecutors monday summoned one opposition and one ruling party congressman for questioning over the stormy hanbo <unk> - kickbacks scandal , radio and television reports said .
mark o'meara became the first player to post back-to-back wins on the us pga tour in two years sunday , capturing the buick invitational by two strokes .
the first ### callers to british airways reservation office later monday can win a return ticket to new york aboard the supersonic concorde for just ## pounds -lrb- ## dollars -rrb- , the airline announced .
the us dollar fell below ### yen in early trading here monday in response to a commitment by major industrialised nations to cooperate in arresting further rises .
the daughter of italian wireless pioneer guglielmo marconi opposes the dispersal of hundreds of historic telegrams belonging to the firm her father founded when they come up for auction in april .
astronauts are scheduled to replace the hubble space telescope 's cameras with more powerful ones when they head to space aboard the space shuttle discovery tuesday .
gold opened lower here in post-holiday trading monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against wednesday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
china has dispatched investigation teams to the epicentre of a moderate earthquake that hit qinghai province late sunday but the remote , frozen location is slowing work , a local official said monday .
england won the second cricket test against new zealand here monday by an innings and ## runs .
share prices were slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange monday morning , with the key nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
shanghai 's foreign trade rose ##.# percent to ##.## billion dollars in #### and the financial center managed to maintain a trade surplus despite a sharp rise in imports , xinhua reported monday .
the us dollar dropped as low as ###.## yen in earlier trading in tokyo , the first major currency market to open after a weekend group of seven -lrb- g# -rrb- meeting in berlin , before short-covering helped it recoup some ground .
prosecutors summoned two congressmen monday in a snowballing probe into the stormy hanbo scandal which could change south korea 's political landscape ahead of this year 's presidential election .
fast medium bowler darren gough spearheaded england 's victory over new zealand in the second cricket test here monday which the visitors won by an innings and ## runs .
australian beer giant foster 's brewing group ltd. said monday its interim net profit had increased by two percent from a year earlier to ###.# million dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the half year to december ## .
australian beer giant foster 's brewing group ltd. said monday its interim net profit had increased by two percent from a year earlier to ###.# million dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the half year to december ## .
an australian woman was among five people arrested in india for trying to smuggle medicines to tamil tiger separatists in sri lanka , a newspaper reported monday .
the death toll rose to nine in clashes between tamil guerrillas and moslem mobs in eastern sri lanka on the day of eid al-fitr feast , officials said monday .
south korean prosecutors summoned and questioned a ruling party lawmaker monday over his possible links to corruption in the stormy hanbo scandal , television said .
pop superstar elton john will give two concerts in june to mark the handover of the british colony to china , organisers said monday .
australian beer giant foster 's brewing group ltd. said friday net profits rose two percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the six months to december .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher on monday as the market entered a consolidation phase , analysts said .
a man from eastern coastal china is planning to become the first person to cross the pacific ocean on a bamboo raft , it was reported monday .
helicopters and navy patrol boats monday continued searching for the bodies of two crewmen of a us fighter jet that crashed in the yellow sea on sunday , a defense department spokesman said .
russian president boris yeltsin 's former chief bodyguard alexander korzhakov , sacked last june , seems to have secured his political comeback in a sunday parliamentary by-election , the interfax news agency reported .
a <unk> alliance on monday swept to power in the indian state of punjab in the first free elections following a decade of sikh separatist violence , reports said .
a <unk> alliance on monday swept to power in the indian state of punjab in the first free elections following a decade of sikh separatist violence , reports said .
india 's central bank said monday it was worried about a slowdown in industrial growth , export growth and the rate of savings in the country in the year to march #### .
the philippines ' benpres holdings corp. said monday net profit rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to #.### billion pesos -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in #### .
thailand 's securities one plc. on monday confirmed it planned to sell its ## percent stake in hong kong brokerage asia equity holdings ltd. to banque paribas sa of france .
hong kong 's future chief executive tung chee-hwa on monday promised to look after the welfare of the territory 's ###,### filipinos , mostly domestic helpers , after the handover on july # .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher monday as the market entered a consolidation phase .
estonian president lennart meri visits paris wednesday to enlist france 's aid in his country 's application to join the european union .
a taiwan man was sentenced to death in this northern philippine town monday for illegally possessing drugs , court officials said .
india 's most influential hindu group has urged moslems to give up control of two ##th-century mosques which hindu militants claim were built on the ruins of their temples .
a taiwan man was sentenced to death in this northern philippine town monday for illegal possession of drugs , court officials said .
kenyan authorities have banned the sale and use of an anti-aids treatment , developed by a local researcher who claimed it could cure the disease , officials said monday .
the dollar was lower against the yen in mid-afternoon trade here on profit-taking but dealers said its underlying strength was unaffected by a weekend group of seven meeting .
senior officials of nations and agencies providing aid to pacific states are to meet here later this month to discuss how to improve the coordination of aid programs .
australian shares closed barely lower monday after profit-takers moved in to erode the market 's strong opening gains , brokers said .
an earthquake with a magnitude of #.# on the richter scale rocked the popular japanese hot spring resort of <unk> , south of tokyo , on monday , the meteorological agency said .
a <unk> alliance on monday won the first free elections in the northern indian state of punjab after a decade of sikh separatist violence , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- said .
weather conditions on monday forced suspension of a search for two missing crewmen of a us fighter jet that crashed into the yellow sea while on a training exercise sunday , the us airforce said .
cypriot president glafcos clerides was greeted here monday by his indian counterpart shankar dayal sharma at the start of a week-long official visit .
malaysia has denied charges by a fijian opposition party that it was interfering in the administrative affairs of fiji , a report said monday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on monday , with sentiment revived after officials hinted that the government would support the banking and property sectors , brokers said .
three doctors charged with culpable homicide following claims they transplanted a pig 's heart into a man 's body had their hopes of winning bail dashed here monday after a language mix-up .
a court hearing scheduled for monday sets in motion what promises to be a long legal test of the clinton administration 's plan to cut youth smoking by restricting cigarette advertising .
the philippines ' benpres holdings corp. said monday net profit rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to #.### billion pesos -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in #### .
radical moslem separatists ran amok in a remote northwestern chinese border town last week , sparking robberies , looting and assaults around the main square , the local television station said monday .
australian shares closed barely lower monday after profit-takers moved in to counter the positive impact of a rising wall street , brokers said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on monday , with sentiment revived after officials hinted that the government would support the banking sector , brokers said .
the rand continued to improve against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at #.#### \/ #.#### to the greenback compared to friday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
one person was killed and seven injured early monday in a blast , probably caused by a booby-trapped car , in the southern spanish city of granada , witnesses said .
hong kong 's future leader tung chee-hwa on monday refused to say whether pro-democracy members of local councils will be allowed to keep their seats after china takes over here in july .
president fidel ramos on monday urged malaysians to maintain their investments in the philippines despite an adverse court ruling last week that triggered a cautious reaction in kuala lumpur .
a taiwanese shipyard worker was sentenced to death by a court in this northern town monday for illegal possession of drugs , court officials said .
one person was killed and seven injured early monday in a terrorist attack in the southern spanish city of granada , ricardo marti <unk> , the junior security minister said .
philippine president fidel ramos moved monday to contain the fallout from a botched property sale to a malaysian conglomerate , assuring investors that his reform policies were on track .
tensions between cambodia 's two ruling political parties have spilled onto the high seas alarming shippers amid reports of several violent incidents , military and transport company officials said monday .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- closed just #.# percent firmer in cautious trade monday , brokers said .
north korean leader kim jong-il named four new generals in a military reshuffle seen by outside observers monday as a bid to clear the way for his formal rise to power .
cypriot president glafcos clerides was greeted here monday by his indian counterpart shankar dayal sharma at the start of a week-long official visit .
visiting french senators on monday met new south wales premier bob carr and discussed the #### olympic games and prospects for contract bids by french companies for any new airport , a spokeswoman said .
a car bomb apparently targetting spanish air force personnel killed one person and injured seven others in the southern city of granada early monday , officials said here .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange monday amid strong investor interest , dealers said .
a car bomb apparently targetting spanish air force personnel killed one person and injured ## others in the southern city of granada early monday , officials said here .
north korean leader kim jong-il named four new generals , including a known confidante , in promotions seen by outside observers monday as a bid to clear the way for his formal rise to power .
the sri lankan navy and the air force destroyed another tamil guerrilla boat and on monday detained a foreign-owned ship to check for arms and ammunition , officials said .
france 's ambassador to israel on monday rebuffed suggestions that his country could station troops as a buffer force in south lebanon in case of a unilateral israeli withdrawal from the zone .
an indian state has put off plans to build casinos in a town famous for its erotic art following mass protests , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported monday .
a court hearing scheduled for monday sets in motion what promises to be a long legal test of the clinton administration 's plan to cut youth smoking by restricting cigarette advertising .
two people were killed and ## injured when a powerful explosion rocked a police station in the tatarstan republic , some ### kilometres -lrb- ### miles -rrb- east of moscow , russian television rtr reported monday .
police on monday began a crackdown on the use of guns by civilians in the southern philippines after the assassination of a roman catholic bishop , officials said .
president yasser arafat was headed for the west bank on monday to be on hand to greet ## palestinian women prisoners expected to be freed from israeli jails the following day , palestinian officials said .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange monday with dealers reporting ample liquidity in the market .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent lower in cautious post - holiday trading on monday , dealers said .
former western australian premier brian burke was unable to produce records of stamp purchases he claimed to have made as an investment for the australian labor party , a court was told monday .
a group of refugees at the crammed <unk> camp in eastern zaire have called for <unk> ogata , the un high commissioner for refugees , to step down , saying she had let thousands of people die .
finance minister amnuay viravan said monday the weakness of the baht may require that the bank of thailand adjust the basket of currencies against which the baht is weighted .
the foreign ministry summoned burma 's ambassador to seoul , u phone <unk> , on monday to express `` regret '' over the deportation of a south korean mp from rangoon , a ministry spokesman said .
hong kong share prices fell #.# percent in cautious post-holiday trading on monday as investors sold property stocks , dealers said .
gold closed lower here in post-holiday trading monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against wednesday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
israeli police have assigned more officers to an investigation of alleged high-level criminal tampering over the abortive appointment last month of an attorney-general , officials said monday .
the dollar rose in volatile trading monday following a weekend meeting of the group of seven -lrb- g# -rrb- industrialised nations in berlin , dealers said .
more than ## people were injured in fresh clashes monday between police and demonstrators in the southern albanian port town of vlore , hospital sources said .
the philippines sought monday to contain the fallout from a botched property sale to a malaysian conglomerate , assuring investors that its economic reform policies were on track .
hong kong 's future leader tung chee-hwa hinted on monday that he will reappoint all current members of local councils , including democrats , after the handover of power to china on july # .
taiwan is to acquire a ## percent stake of a united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- oil firm for ## million us dollars , the central news agency -lrb- cna -rrb- reported monday .
cambodia and south korea on monday signed agreements designed increase bilateral technical cooperation and to lure investment to this country .
a <unk> alliance on monday swept to power in the indian state of punjab in the first elections in a decade held without the threat of sikh separatist violence .
more than ## people were injured in fresh clashes monday between police and demonstrators in the southern albanian port town of vlore , hospital sources said .
the sri lankan navy and the air force destroyed a tamil guerrilla boat monday and attacked a foreign-owned ship in the vicinity believing that it was unloading weapons , officials said .
indian and pakistani border guards monday traded gunfire along their kashmir frontier , leaving six pakistani civilians injured , officials said here .
smart communications inc. , the philippines ' second biggest cellular telephone operator , said monday it would invest ## billion pesos -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to expand over the next two years .
cambodia and south korea on monday signed a pair of bilateral agreements designed to boost foreign investment here as well as increase technical cooperation between the two countries .
thai share prices dropped #.# percent in thin trading monday due to selling in the finance sector on concerns about the impact of the weak baht on corporate debt , analysts said .
sweden 's king carl xvi gustaf is fed up with the amount of litter and graffiti in stockholm and has called for measures to clean up the capital , including a ban on spray paint .
swiss unemployment set a new record in january , with #.# percent of the workforce jobless , up from #.# percent at the end of december , the federal bureau of industry said here monday .
taiwan is to acquire a ## percent stake of a united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- oil firm for ## million us dollars , the central news agency -lrb- cna -rrb- reported monday .
japan 's federation of economic organisations -lrb- keidanren -rrb- expects to reach an agreement next week with the world bank on developing infrastructure along the mekong river , an official said monday .
british output prices , or the price of goods at the factory gate , rose by #.# percent in january from the figure for december and by #.# percent on a ##-month comparison , official figures showed on monday .
norwegian consumer prices rose three percent in january #### from a year earlier , and climbed #.# percent from december , norway 's central statistics bureau -lrb- ssb -rrb- announced on monday .
rwanda 's interior ministry on sunday ordered the expulsion of reuters correspondent christian jennings , the british-based news agency 's nairobi bureau said monday .
tajik president emomali rakhmonov resumed talks monday with afghan warlord ahmed shah masood to negotiate the release of ## hostages being held to win the freedom of a former tajik rebel leader .
hong kong 's future chief executive tung chee-hwa on monday promised to look after the welfare of the territory 's ###,### filipinos , mostly domestic helpers , after the handover on july # .
the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army monday pressed its demands for a meeting with the british government , after a police patrol was attacked and two men were injured in <unk> punishment beatings .
iran 's religious conservatives and a coalition of islamic moderates and left-wingers shared the seats decided in parliamentary by - elections , the interior ministry announced monday .
hong kong 's unit trust industry 's gross sales soared ##.# percent year-on-year to a record high #.### billion us dollars in #### , the hong kong <unk> funds association said monday .
officials of the international consortium charged with building safe nuclear reactors for north korea will meet in tokyo wednesday and thursday , the group 's south korean office said here monday .
three egyptian students on holiday trying to scale the cheops pyramid in giza fell and suffered severe head injuries , the newspaper al-ahram reported monday .
hong kong 's transport department announced monday that it will bring in tougher safety controls following a fatal accident at a lunar new year parade over the weekend .
north korean leader kim jong-il promoted four new generals in a move seen here monday as one of the final steps to pave the way for his formal assumption of power this year .
president yasser arafat traveled to hebron monday to be on hand to greet ## palestinian women prisoners expected to be freed from israeli jails the following day , palestinian officials said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on monday as other asia-pacific bourses were mixed in cautious trade , brokers said .
the presidents of brazil , peru and panama gathered here monday for a conference designed to `` raise the profile '' of latin america as a destination for foreign capital investment .
hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets here monday to celebrate the ##th anniversary of the islamic revolution which toppled the pro-american shah .
iran 's religious conservatives and a coalition of islamic moderates and left-wingers shared the seats decided in parliamentary by - elections , the interior ministry announced monday .
the guinean novelist , playwright and journalist williams <unk> has died at his home here at the age of ## after suffering a heart attack , his family said on monday .
okinawan governor masahide ota monday opposed a proposed change in the law allowing japan 's central government to retain private land for use by the us military even after the leases have expired .
a german tourist was killed friday when his hang-glider fell from the sky in south africa 's <unk> mountains , local radio said .
portugal monday said its former colony east timor had the right to self-determination and expressed concern at the human rights situation in the indonesian province .
a former philippine general who defected to the communist guerrilla ranks last year will face the government in peace talks due in the netherlands next month , a rebel spokesman said monday .
violence erupted for a second day running in the albanian port town of vlore on monday after protesters and police clashed leaving more than ## people injured , hospital sources said .
china-controlled citic pacific ltd announced monday it had arranged a ##.# billion hong kong dollar -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- syndicated loan facility with five investment banks .
malaysian opposition leader lim kit siang monday urged the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- to press the burmese military junta to implement democratic reforms .
three explosions rocked the divided bosnian city of mostar on sunday night , said the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- on monday .
the average spot price of opec 's basket of seven crudes fell by ## cents in january to ##.## dollars per barrel , the middle east economic survey -lrb- mees -rrb- reported on monday .
thai share prices dropped #.# percent to hit a ##-month low in thin trading monday amid concern at the weak baht and tight liquidity , analysts said .
tens days of voter registration began in nigeria on monday , a major step on the road to the military ceding power to an elected civilian president on october # next year .
at least ## people , including a baby , were massacred in algeria as islam 's fasting month of ramadan drew to a close , media reports said here monday .
the dollar weakened early monday after the group of seven -lrb- g# -rrb- leading industrialised nations called for an end to the greenback 's recent rise , but there is scepticism about the g-# 's resolve to act , dealers said .
hong kong 's future chief executive tung chee-hwa on monday promised to look after the welfare of the territory 's ###,### filipinos , mostly domestic helpers , after the handover on july # .
share prices rose #.# percent in quiet trade monday on the bombay stock exchange but the gains were limited to selected scrips , dealers said .
the board of air afrique , the airline jointly owned by ## african countries , will meet here on february ## to appoint mauritian airline boss sir harry <unk> as its new director general , company sources said monday .
nato secretary general , javier solana , began a two-day official visit to moldova monday during which he will discuss relations between the atlantic alliance and the former soviet republic .
violence and labor disputes caused south africa 's gold production to drop to its lowest level in four decades , chamber of mines officials said here monday .
asia 's most notorious criminal charles sobhraj , accused of up to ## murders in the ####s and ####s , failed to win his freedom here monday when an indian judge refused to grant him bail .
britain is involved in negotiations to supply portugal with non - nuclear submarines , the british armed forces chief told a newspaper here in an interview published monday .
homosexual and other stable , marriage-like relationships can have the blessing of the protestant church -- in northern germany at least , lutheran bishops resolved at the weekend .
more than ## animal rights protesters were arrested in northwestern britain in a weekend of sometimes violent protest against blood sports like hunting and farming methods deemed cruel , police said monday .
a victory by the extreme right national front in a by-election here caused consternation among france 's mainstream parties , which still lack an effective recipe to halt the rise of jean-marie le pen 's populist , anti-immigrant formation .
the presidents of brazil , peru and panama gathered here monday for a conference designed to `` raise the profile '' of latin america as a destination for foreign capital investment .
a taiwanese shipyard worker was sentenced to death monday for illegal possession of drugs while a briton and a burmese both had their sentences for drug trafficking increased to ## years , court officials said .
algeria counted its dead monday following a bloody weekend in which at least ## people , including a couple and their baby , were slaughtered by extremists as the moslem fasting month of ramadan drew to a close .
violence erupted for a second day running in the albanian town of vlore on monday after protesters and police clashed leaving more than ## people injured , hospital sources said .
businesses were closed and streets were empty in the zairean capital kinshasa on monday after a radical opposition party called for a general shutdown to force the resignation of prime minister kengo wa dondo .
tajik president emomali rakhmonov held talks for the second consecutive day monday with afghan warlord ahmed shah masood to negotiate the release of ## hostages being held to win the freedom of a former tajik rebel leader .
former pakistani premier benazir bhutto took her three children to prison here monday for a family reunion with her husband asif ali zardari .
french defense minister charles millon will leave here tuesday for a ##-hour official visit to israel to consolidate cooperation between the two countries in the defense field , defense ministry officials said monday .
the sri lankan air force destroyed a tamil guerrilla boat and attacked a <unk> ship in international waters wrongly believing it was unloading weapons , officials said monday .
president yasser arafat traveled to the west bank monday to be on hand to welcome female palestinian prisoners expected to be freed by israel within ## hours , in a move launching the next phase of the peace process .
asia 's most notorious criminal charles sobhraj , accused of up to ## murders in the ####s and ####s , failed to win his freedom here monday when an indian judge refused to release him .
experts from some ## countries will meet here this week to discuss plans on drafting a treaty banning the use of anti-personnel mines .
israel 's supreme court on monday rejected a petition seeking to bar the imminent release of ## palestinian women held for anti-israeli activities .
irish police said monday they had arrested a man in connection with the december murder of a leading french film producer 's wife .
residents of the small village of <unk> in norway 's far north trudged through their freezing , <unk> streets at the weekend demanding -- better weather .
rock star liam gallagher canceled his wedding to actress patsy <unk> on monday , shouting to reporters camped on the couple 's london doorstep , `` i 'm not getting married today , i 'm in bed .
a burglar who stole a pornographic video from a paedophile turned him into authorities , a court heard here on monday .
the death toll in an outbreak of measles in the philippines has risen to ## , with more than #,### being treated at one government hospital , the health department said monday .
student officers at sofia 's military academy boycotted classes on monday to demand a salary increase , national radio reported .
a serbian opposition party said a parliamentary vote on reinstating opposition election wins may not take place on tuesday as originally expected because of a packed legislative agenda .
russian president boris yeltsin 's disgraced former chief bodyguard alexander korzhakov has secured a second political life by winning a seat in the russian parliament , early election results showed monday .
india is building an aircraft carrier to replace an ageing british - built vessel to be decommissioned shortly , a minister told the press trust of india monday .
president boris yeltsin , who is sending his security council chief to the inauguration of chechen president-elect aslan maskhadov , is pressing on with cooperation plans despite the republic 's outspoken claims to sovereignty .
us marine corps aircraft accidentally fired #,### bullets containing depleted uranium in military drills near okinawa in late #### and early #### , the japanese authorities announced monday .
the six-nation west african force overseeing the bangui accords that ended central african republic 's two-month army mutiny should be fully operational this week , a military source said on monday .
more than ### people were injured monday in the southern albanian port town of vlore amid clashes between demonstrators and police , hospital officials said , giving a revised toll .
the israeli representative of japanese electronics and media giant sony has signed an agreement with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority to build a television studio in hebron , the company said monday .
us marine corp aircraft fired #,### bullets containing radioactive `` depleted <unk> '' during military drills near okinawa , the japanese government announced monday .
us marine corp aircraft fired #,### bullets containing radioactive `` depleted <unk> '' during military drills near okinawa , the japanese government announced monday .
swedish engineering group <unk> registered a pre-tax profit of ### million kronor -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in #### , virtually unchanged from the previous year , the group said on monday .
the frankfurt stock market set a #th straight record closing high on monday in quiet trading , pushed up by wall street and a very good bond market performance , traders said .
hundreds of tibetans ended a #,###-kilometre -lrb- ###-mile -rrb- peace march here monday with a call to the indian government to help hold talks with china on autonomy for tibet , officials said .
iraqi president saddam hussein has delegated a special committee to create a new elite armed force within three months , iraqi sources in amman said monday .
one of germany 's best known actors and entertainers , harald <unk> , is facing a media boycott for his <unk> insults of a black man .
the law that comes before serbia 's parliament on tuesday is intended to give `` definitive provisional results '' for the disputed local elections of november #### and end the country 's political crisis .
a leader of the basque nationalist party herri batasuna was found dead by his family in the northern town of <unk> , a party official said .
the london stock market posted a moderate gain in the first half of the monday trading session thanks to a mild increase in uk producer prices in january , strengthening the view that british interest rates will be held at present levels .
seven lebanese prisoners were freed monday from <unk> jail in the israeli-occupied border zone in south lebanon , the radio station of the israeli-allied south lebanon army -lrb- sla -rrb- said .
an ##-year-old british nanny may face murder charges here monday following the death from head injuries of a nine-month-old infant in her care .
an ##-year-old british nanny may face murder charges here monday following the death from head injuries of a nine-month-old infant in her care .
a leader of the basque nationalist party herri batasuna was found dead by his family in the northern town of <unk> , a party official said .
four bosnians were hit by gunfire when croats opened fire on moslems visiting a cemetary in the bosnian city of mostar , said the un on monday .
nato secretary general javier solana began a two-day visit to moldova monday to discuss relations between the military alliance and the former soviet republic .
more than ### people were injured monday in the southern albanian port town of vlore amid clashes between demonstrators and police , hospital officials said .
italy 's highest court convened monday to decide which court will be used to retry former nazi officer erich priebke over the wartime massacre of ### civilians .
sinn fein , the political wing of the irish republican army , on monday stepped up calls for a meeting with the british government after a huge ira bomb was found south of londonderry .
czech prime minister vaclav klaus will make his first official visit to canada february ##-## , his press office announced monday .
hungarian chess prodigy judith polgar is dominating an international tournament here after a string of results unprecedented by a woman in a major competition .
world bank president james wolfensohn left dakar on monday to continue a week-long african tour after calling senegal a `` good partner '' for international lenders and private investors .
us marine corp aircraft fired #,### bullets containing radioactive `` depleted <unk> '' during military drills near okinawa , the japanese government announced monday .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga ordered the creation of a high-powered organization to crackdown hard against foreign paedophiles and others abusing children , the government said monday .
a new law requiring seatbelts in buses and mini-vans transporting more than three children went into effect monday throughout britain .
a russian soyuz rocket carrying a german astronaut to the mir space station lifted off successfully monday .
nigeria 's central bank issued a fresh warning monday to `` gullible '' foreigners who may risk being duped by an international syndicate proposing fake business deals worth millions of dollars .
a magistrate at the spanish supreme court was killed by an unidentified gunman in a street here monday , emergency services said .
a serbian parliamentary commission monday refused to attach an amendment proposed by the opposition to a bill reinstating opposition elections wins , the tanjug news agency said .
the launch of a russian <unk> ## rocket carrying a german and two russian astronauts to the mir space station was successfully completed monday .
polish authorities have not yet decided whether to demand recovery of the bodies of ## polish seamen who died when their ship sank in international waters off norway on saturday , embassy officials said here on monday .
russia and the south african diamond giant de beers began new talks in moscow on monday on a trade accord for russian uncut diamonds , the de beers moscow representative told interfax news agency .
un relief workers who have located some of the rwandan refugees fleeing fighting in eastern zaire will try to get food to them soon , un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- spokeswoman michele <unk> said in nairobi on monday .
denmark 's crown prince frederik has taken to dying his hair blond when he goes out dancing so as not to be recognized , the tabloid magazine billed <unk> reported monday .
a german man traveling from brazil was nabbed last week at moscow airport in possession of six kilograms -lrb- ##.# pounds -rrb- of cocaine , customs officials said monday .
the head of the organisation of african unity on monday promised to support the un envoy trying to bring peace to the troubled great lakes region of africa .
veteran tv journalist nikolai <unk> was made chairman of russia 's second national television channel monday after the serving chairman resigned amid corruption accusations .
students at ouagadougou university decided monday to resume classes , ending a two-week strike which sparked clashes with police and a government closure of secondary schools -lrb- high schools -rrb- .
an anti-government demonstrator was shot and killed and another died after a heart attack in the southern albanian town of vlore , hospital officials said monday .
eight people died and six others were injured in road accident between the algerian towns of <unk> and el oued , officials announced monday .
a magistrate at the spanish supreme court was killed by an unidentified gunman in a street here monday , emergency services said .
the group of seven weekend message on exchange rates `` seems to have been heard by the financial markets '' , german bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said in basel on monday .
westinghouse electric corporation has agreed to buy gaylord entertainment company 's nashville network and cmt , country music television , westinghouse and gaylord said in a joint statement .
the church of scientology announced monday it was creating a committee of `` exiles '' from germany to condemn bonn 's `` fanatical policy of discrimination '' against its members .
norwegian state-owned oil group statoil has awarded a five-year frame contract for offshore gravel dumping services to westminster offshore , a norwegian subsidiary of dutch group royal boskalis , statoil said on monday .
four prisoners were killed and a guard was injured in a bloody jail break near this southern city , police said monday .
the croatian authorities said monday that a final date for local elections would be announced in the next ## hours , amid increasing speculation that the proposed date of march ## might slip .
hungarian chess prodigy judith polgar is dominating an international tournament here after a string of results unprecedented by a woman in a major competition .
israel has boosted security measures for its military helicopters following the mid-air collision between two of the aircraft which killed ## soldiers , an army official said monday .
the cash-strapped south african government is making millions of rands -lrb- dollars -rrb- selling off foreign properties that belonged to the now - defunct homeland of <unk> , a government minister said monday .
brian connolly , the <unk> singer of ####s rock band sweet , died on monday , a friend disclosed .
at least ## people were killed and more than ###,### made homeless by tropical cyclone <unk> which struck southern madgascar two weeks ago , according to the latest official toll issued monday .
a russian <unk> ## rocket carrying a german and two russian astronauts to the mir space station lifted off successfully monday .
more than #,### children were abandoned by their parents during #### , the romanian <unk> ministry said monday .
more than ##,### firms are seeking to benefit from a new global toll - free number which would boost business already worth ### billion dollars a year , the international telecommunications union said here monday .
algerian president liamine zeroual will meet representatives of the main opposition parties this week to discuss setting up an electoral commision for forthcoming elections , state radio said monday .
israel has boosted security measures for its military helicopters following the mid-air collision between two of the aircraft which killed ## soldiers , an army official said monday .
world bank president james wolfensohn left dakar on monday to continue a week-long african tour after calling senegal a `` good partner '' for international lenders and private investors .
banco comercial portuguese -lrb- bcp -rrb- is going to open a delegation in the chinese city of guangzhou -lrb- canton -rrb- this year , a banking official in macao announced .
a swiss organization , judeo-christian friendship , said monday it had collected more than ###,### swiss francs -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- in aid of holocaust victims .
british airways -lrb- ba -rrb- celebrated record interim profits monday , on the eve of its tenth anniversary as a privatised company , cementing its claim to be the world ' most profitable airline .
the world 's leading eaters of red meat have drastically cut back out of fear of cholesterol and cardiovascular diseases , reports here said monday .
dutch prime minister wim kok will hold talks with his danish counterpart poul nyrup rasmussen in copenhagen next monday , mainly focussing on eu issues , his press department said monday .
the dollar was stable in early trading here monday after western finance ministers at a weekend meeting called for an end to the steady rise in the us currency and for a less volatile exchange market .
denmark 's crown prince frederik has taken to dyeing his hair blond when he goes out dancing so as not to be recognized , the tabloid magazine billed <unk> reported monday .
the dollar was stable in early trading here monday after western finance ministers at a weekend meeting called for an end to the steady rise in the us currency and for a less volatile exchange market .
at least ## ethnic uighurs have been killed by chinese troops in rioting in the remote chinese border town of yining , an exiled opposition official said monday .
the us economic expansion should continue into the foreseeable future , an annual report on the economy released by the white house said monday .
suspected eta separatists killed a senior spanish judge and a civilian in two deadly attacks monday , as a leading figure in the armed basque movement 's political wing was found hanged hours before he was due to appear in court .
the assassination of a magistrate in madrid and a car-bomb attack in the southern city of granada which killed one person on monday brought to four the number of deaths blamed on the basque separatist organization eta since the start of the year .
more than ##,### students marched through belgrade monday and vowed to press on even after parliament reinstates opposition wins in local elections .
former nazi officer erich priebke will be retried by a military court over the wartime massacre of ### civilians , italy 's highest court ruled monday , judicial officials said .
eleven people were killed and ## others wounded , two of them critically , when tutsi passengers traveling in two taxi minibuses near the rwandan capital were attacked at the weekend , radio rwanda reported on monday .
irish police said monday they had arrested a man suspected in the december murder of a leading french film producer 's wife , and were also holding a woman for questioning in the case .
zaire 's embattled premier faced renewed calls to quit monday following a general shutdown in kinshasa to protest his handling of the crisis in eastern zaire , where rebels continued to make advances .
one person was killed and ## wounded as croats and moslems clashed in the divided city of mostar , un and military officials said monday .
at least ## ethnic uighurs have been killed by chinese troops in rioting in the remote chinese border town of yining , an exiled opposition official said monday .
at least ## people , mostly female college students , were killed when the bus they were traveling in collided with a bus and burst into flames , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- said monday .
us blue chip stocks were mixed here early monday , little influenced by the slight retreat of the dollar following the group of seven weekend meeting .
a huge ###-car pile-up on a foggy stretch of highway linking padua and venice in northern italy left more than ## people injured monday , and closed the road for the day , police there said .
a german general assumed command of the sarajevo region of the nato - led stabilization force -lrb- sfor -rrb- for the first time on monday , taking over from a french commander .
opposition parties in zambia launched a court challenge monday against president frederick chiluba 's right to rule , alleging that he was born in zaire and therefore barred from running for president .
humanitarian agencies returned monday to <unk> <unk> camp in eastern zaire to help more than ###,### rwandan refugees , a spokesman for the un refugee body said here monday .
the leader of leftist rebels holding ## hostages here agreed monday to talks with the government starting tuesday , but warned that he would maintain his demand for the release of jailed comrades .
the head of israel 's jewish agency on monday expressed his deep concern at the weekend election victory of the anti-immigration national front in a french municipality .
after a similar move by turkey , greece is to send nato `` live footage '' of turkish violations of its airspace over the next four months , a greek government spokesman said monday .
west african military chiefs met in liberia 's capital monday to open two days of talks on the war-ravaged country 's chances of holding its first post-war elections , due in may .
irish president mary robinson will hold talks with italian leaders and pope john paul ii during visits to rome and the vatican march #-# , the foreign ministry announced .
at least one person was killed and two others were wounded when fighting erupted between two armed groups in north mogadishu monday , witnesses said .
the croatian authorities said monday that a final date for local elections would be announced soon , amid increasing speculation that the proposed date of march ## might slip .
the number of cases of plague is expected to rise dramatically in the conflict-torn region of eastern zaire , a health official in the rebel - controlled town of bunia said monday .
at least ## people , mostly female college students , were killed when the bus they were traveling in collided with a trailer lorry and burst into flames , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- said monday .
more than ###,### state workers were to launch an indefinite strike monday for better working conditions while president ernesto samper and the military warned that rebels would move in to commit terrorist acts .
nato secretary general javier solana began a two-day visit to moldova monday to discuss relations between the military alliance and the former soviet republic .
madagascar 's caretaker prime minister norbert <unk> on monday handed in his and his government 's resignation to new president didier ratsiraka .
former nazi officer erich priebke will be retried by a military tribunal over the wartime massacre of ### civilians , italy 's highest court ruled monday according to judicial officials .
one of germany 's best known actors and entertainers , harald <unk> , is facing a media boycott and judicial investigation for alleged nazi - racist insults against a black man .
oil prices here fell sharply on monday as warm weather across europe reduced demand for heating oil , analysts said .
egyptian president hosni mubarak and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu monday discussed by telephone the middle east peace process , the egyptian news agency mena said .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni arrived in paris monday to discuss the crisis wracking eastern zaire .
un refugee chief sadako ogata arrived in burundi on monday to discuss threats to thousands of refugees here , continuing a six-nation tour of central africa 's troubled great lakes region .
un secretary-general kofi annan on monday linked the extension of a un peace mission mandate in angola to cooperation by former rebels of the unita movement in forming a new angolan government .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind will friday again warn chinese counterpart qian qichen `` firmly and frankly '' of the consequences of the parallel legislature beijing has created for hong kong `` north of the border , '' british officials said monday .
flooding water from rivers feeding into argentina 's largest river system has forced thousands to flee their homes , civil defense authorities reported monday .
air traffic on the paris-london route plummeted by ## percent over the last two years , according to figures published on monday by aeroports de paris , the company managing the french capital 's airports .
the commercial court of <unk> , in central belgium , gave its approval on monday for a resumption of activity by forges de clabecq steel company on the basis of a plan submitted by executives of the concern , which is in bankruptcy .
three fake dentists were taken before a belgian police court monday for having ripped out healthy teeth of patients , then charging for the expensive dental replacements .
the space shuttle discovery was primed for launch early tuesday from the kennedy space center on a sophisticated servicing mission for the hubble telescope that nasa officials say will open a new frontier in exploration of the universe .
us f## fighters chalked up two more close encounters with airliners , one of which took evasive action after its collision avoidance alarm sounded , an air force spokeswoman said monday .
jordan 's crown prince hassan ibn talal will be in france this week for an official visit during which he is expected to talk to top leaders about the middle east peace process .
a small explosion inside the rebel-held japanese ambassador 's residence was heard just outside its walls monday followed by several shots .
nato secretary general javier solana said monday during a visit to the ex-soviet republic of moldova that he respected russia 's opposition to nato expansion , interfax news agency reported .
laboratory mice can look forward to next year after a forum of experts drew up an accord to end tests on live animals when carrying out quality control checks on vaccines for other animals .
us f-## fighters chalked up two more close encounters with airliners , one of which took evasive action after its collision avoidance alarm sounded , an air force spokeswoman said monday .
the speaker of rwanda 's national assembly , juvenal <unk> , was relieved of his functions on monday during an special session of parliament , radio rwanda reported .
the israeli army wants to keep control of ##.# percent of the west bank after the conclusion of an accord on the final status of the palestinian territories , public television reported on tuesday .
the israeli army wants to keep control of ##.# percent of the west bank after the conclusion of an accord on the final status of the palestinian territories , public television reported on tuesday .
the israeli army wants to keep control of ##.# percent of the west bank after the conclusion of an accord on the final status of the palestinian territories , public television reported on tuesday .
the israeli army wants to keep control of ##.# percent of the west bank after the conclusion of an accord on the final status of the palestinian territories , public television reported on tuesday .
an israeli court will on tuesday charge a female friend of the jewish extremist who murdered former prime minister yitzhak rabin for failing to prevent the crime , judicial sources said .
us f-## fighters chalked up two more close encounters with airliners , one of which took evasive action after its collision avoidance alarm sounded , an air force spokeswoman said monday .
a civil jury that already ordered american football legend o.j. simpson to pay #.# million dollars in compensatory damages reached a verdict monday on punitive damages .
inmates at guatemala 's main prison surprised guards monday and took over the site without any bloodshed , police reported .
a pharmacist has been charged in connection with the massacre of ## members of the solar temple order sect in the french alps more than a year ago , judicial officials said monday .
irish police on monday arrested a man and a woman suspected in the december murder of a leading french film producer 's wife , a spokesman said .
albanian prime minister alexander meksi called on parliament monday to declare a state of emergency in vlore , where three people have died in two days of angry clashes between police and protestors , state television reported .
the us army bowed to political pressure monday and suspended its top - ranking non-commissioned officer pending an investigation into charges he sexually assaulted a female subordinate .
the us economic expansion should continue into the foreseeable future , an annual report on the economy released by the white house said monday .
the united states will base a decision on food aid for north korea `` solely '' on humanitarian grounds , the state department said monday .
swiss business chiefs will contribute to a fund in aid of holocaust victims set up by the nation 's three major banks after a row over their profits from nazi gold , a swiss foreign ministry communique said monday .
former `` hollywood madam '' heidi fleiss , who supplied call girls to some of the world 's richest and famous men , pleaded guilty monday to one count of pandering in a plea agreement .
the city of new york on monday withdrew its threat to withdraw deposits in swiss banks because of the controversy over assets held in swiss banks belonging to the heirs of jewish victims of the holocaust .
a moslem was badly injured monday when he set off a booby-trapped mine while collecting wood on the former frontline in northeastern bosnia , the stabilisation force -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said .
demand for energy in asia will expand #.# percent this year despite slower overall regional economic growth , the cambridge energy research associates -lrb- cera -rrb- reported monday .
`` striptease '' and `` the island of dr. moreau '' each had the dubious distinction of having six category nominations monday in the ##th annual golden <unk> award for the worst in movies .
swiss judges have ruled that a life in china is worth twenty times less than at home in awarding damages to parents of a woman murdered by her husband , a case made public here monday revealed .
a civil jury ordered american football legend o.j. simpson monday to pay ## million dollars in punitive damages after finding him liable in the deaths of his ex-wife and her friend .
american airlines , the second largest us carrier , opened last-ditch talks with its pilots here monday in a bid to avert a strike february ## .
the first ### callers to british airways reservation office on tuesday can win a return ticket to new york aboard the supersonic concorde for just ## pounds -lrb- ## dollars -rrb- , the airline announced .
a civil jury ordered american football legend o.j. simpson monday to pay ## million dollars in punitive damages after finding him liable in the deaths of his ex-wife and her friend .
the controversial helms-burton law that seeks to tighten the ##-year us embargo on cuba marks its first birthday this week still sharply dividing the united states and its allies on how the legislation is affecting the isolated island nation .
humans lived in southern chile ##,### years ago or #,### years earlier than previously believed , according to a study by a group of us archeologists released monday .
a civil jury ordered american football legend o.j. simpson monday to pay ## million dollars in punitive damages after finding him liable in the deaths of his ex-wife and her friend .
the us electronics firm motorola said monday it had signed a ##-million dollar contract with china unicom to install a digital cellular phone network in the chinese province of jiangsu .
by fabio castro quito , feb ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - only a day after ecuador resolved a three-way struggle for the presidency a new power struggle was under way with warnings that on tuesday two people could claim to be head of state .
timber company carter holt harvey -lrb- <unk> -rrb- tuesday announced a ## percent drop in net earnings of ### million nz dollars -lrb- ### million us dollars -rrb- for the nine months to the end of december #### .
the dollar closed slightly weaker here monday but was generally stable on the first day of trading following a weekend call by western finance ministers for an end to the currency 's recent rise .
the dow jones index of leading industrials was down monday on profit taking following market gains friday .
a civil jury ordered american football legend o.j. simpson monday to pay ## million dollars in punitive damages after finding him liable in the deaths of his ex-wife and her friend .
chicago-based civil rights leader jesse jackson was arrested at a construction site outside a city museum monday as he protested the removal of black truckers from the project , police said .
the us state department on monday called for a ceasefire in eastern zaire , for all parties to respect the african country 's borders and for a peaceful solution to the crisis in zaire .
the islamic radical movement hamas said tuesday it would `` strike '' us interests if washington decided to hand over to israel the head of the group 's politburo , musa abu marzuk , currently held in the united states .
vaclav klaus , prime minister of the czech republic , will visit canada february ##-## , canadian prime minister jean chretien announced monday .
the chicago mercantile exchange -lrb- cme -rrb- announced monday that it had filed for regulatory approval to trade futures and options on the new zealand dollar .
a jury ordered us football legend o.j. simpson monday to pay ## million dollars in punitive damages after finding him liable in the #### deaths of his ex-wife and her friend .
us f-## fighters chalked up two more close encounters with airliners , one of which took evasive action after its collision avoidance alarm sounded , us officials said monday .
a four-hour police search of mexico city 's airport failed to turn up any explosives monday after authorities received a bomb threat by telephone , a police official said .
controversial australian mp pauline hanson has alleged that aboriginal youths used obscene language during a confrontation here in october .
amnesty international called tuesday for `` a constructive and open discussion on human rights issues '' when asian and european foreign ministers meet in singapore this week .
rescuers plucked dozens of oil-soaked birds off the coast of southern england monday , blaming a ship for flushing its tanks under cover of fog in the english channel .
the british government is to provide ## million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- over three years to help rebuild the center of manchester wrecked by an ira bomb last june .
the european union wants to see elections take place in zaire as soon as possible , the eu 's special envoy to the great lakes region of africa , aldo ajello , said here monday .
iraq on monday complained to the united nations that technical delays in approving contracts under an oil-for-food agreement were holding up the delivery of much-needed supplies .
jurors who found american football hero o.j. simpson liable for two murders said monday they slapped him with ##.# million dollars in damages so he would not profit from their deaths .
bulgaria 's political parties pledged late monday to preserve `` civil and ethnic '' peace and take a number of steps to resolve the current economic crisis , national television reported .
security at the houses of parliament is being tightened amid fears it could become the target of an irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- attack in the run-up to the general election , it was announced late monday .
thirteen people were killed and ## others injured monday in a crash between a locomotive and a train carrying military conscripts , cuban television quoted an official statement as saying .
a french senate delegation is expected to arrive in canberra on wednesday after putting the accent on france and australia working together in the south pacific .
sotheby 's is to review its internal procedures after allegations of smuggled vast quantities of art and antiques out of italy , india and other countries , the london auction house said monday .
two african-american men were convicted monday on federal civil rights charges stemming from the fatal stabbing of a hasidic jew during rioting in the crown heights section of the city in #### .
the mother of o.j. simpson 's slain ex-wife said monday she suspected the american football legend from the start .
prosecutors are to seek arrest warrants for two ruling party lawmakers on charges of pressuring banks to extend loans to the failed hanbo group , television reports said tuesday .
a court on tuesday overturned a record ## million australian dollars -lrb- ## million us -rrb- compensation awarded to an actor once regarded as australia 's next mel gibson after a car crash .
gold opened lower here tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the capture of the town hall at vitrolles in southern france by the extreme-right national front has thrown doubt on a longstanding twinning arrangement with a central german community .
french frontier police said here they had smashed a ring smuggling illegal immigrants from romania to britain and ireland aboard cross - channel ferries .
a labor government here would be prepared to sign a european union trade pact which included a human rights clause , opposition trade spokesman stephen smith said tuesday .
thirteen people were killed and ## injured monday in a crash between a locomotive and a train carrying military conscripts , cuban television quoted an official statement as saying .
seventy percent of french people think the extreme right national front should be represented in parliament , following its local election victory sunday , an opinion poll showed tuesday .
sri lankan air force planes bombed a <unk> cargo ship in international waters off the island nation 's coast , the cuban foreign ministry confirmed late monday .
inter-communal tensions mounted in eastern sri lanka on tuesday as tamil tiger guerrillas fired mortar bombs at a moslem village and killed two more civilians , local officials said .
china is to build a museum at the border with hong kong to mark the handover of the territory in july , a report said tuesday .
indonesia 's annual natural rubber production is projected to rise by ##.# percent to reach #.## million tonnes in a decade and expected to account for ## percent of the world market , a report said tuesday .
after more than three years on the road , french cyclist christian <unk> has a <unk> overflowing with memories of his marathon trip around the world from being challenged by a bear in canada to being expelled from china .
china has resettled more than ##,### residents from areas around china 's massive three gorges dam project , the official xinhua news agency reported tuesday .
hong kong clothing retailer giordano international holdings ltd. said tuesday it had appointed four additional directors in a board reshuffle after an executive director resigned .
a ##-year-old man accused of a single count of murder after last weekend 's rampage in new zealand which left six people dead will face more charges when he appears in court again wednesday , police confirmed .
hindu nationalists have pledged to ban spitting in the indian capital if they win the upcoming municipal elections .
indonesian authorities will charge four men with subversion for inciting a violent riot in the west java town of tasikmalaya in december which left four people dead , a report said tuesday .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso began his first state visit to italy tuesday , scheduled to include talks with government leaders and a meeting with pope john paul ii .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close in almost seven years tuesday , boosted by strengthening electrical and construction issues , brokers said .
a hong kong resident and two taiwanese could face the death penalty if convicted following their arrests by philippine police with ## kilograms -lrb- ###.# pounds -rrb- of `` ice '' in ther possession , a radio report said tuesday .
authorities investigating a deadly grenade explosion in the southern cambodian province of kampot have ruled out terrorism as a motive for the attack , an official said tuesday .
india 's first <unk> vehicles , launched here last month with great fanfare , have ground to a halt after running out of gas , a newspaper said tuesday .
<unk> fatima of casablanca has caused a stir in morocco by driving her big yellow taxi into a trade which was previously reserved for men .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan said tuesday that the basket of currencies against which the baht is pegged would not require adjustment , despite the surging us dollar .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent tuesday as investors took profits on blue chips , traders said .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close in almost seven years tuesday as investors bought electrical and construction issues .
india , the world 's largest producer and consumer of sugar , has slashed subsidies of the commodity in a bid to cut its soaring budget deficit , newspapers reported tuesday .
a combined scandinavian effort about the tormented life of norwegian nobel literature laureate knut <unk> won the main swedish cinema prizes , the golden rams , at the annual ceremony late monday .
the ministry of immigration has identified some ### suspects of crimes against humanity over the last ten years living in canada , a ministry spokesman said monday .
india 's congress -lrb- i -rrb- party was facing a new bout of in-fighting tuesday after it was routed in key elections in the northern state of punjab by a <unk> alliance .
hong kong clothing retailer giordano international holdings ltd. said tuesday it had appointed four additional directors in a board reshuffle after an executive director resigned .
china 's shadow parliament for hong kong , widely opposed by britain and the pro-democracy camp , is to be based in the chinese city of shenzhen in order to avoid `` misunderstanding and rows .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent tuesday as investors took profits on blue chips .
a french senate delegation flew to canberra tuesday after putting the accent on france and australia working together in the south pacific .
tamil tiger guerrillas attacked a police post in eastern sri lanka tuesday , killing at least ## constables and wounding several others , official sources said .
tamil tiger guerrillas attacked a police post in eastern sri lanka tuesday , killing at least ## constables and wounding several others , official sources said .
philippine roman catholic bishops on tuesday appealed to authorities to make a thorough investigation into the death of a bishop who was shot in the southern town of jolo last week , reports said .
king norodom sihanouk on tuesday said cambodia `` certainly needed '' the help of the united nations in ensuring free and fair elections , brushing aside concerns that such assistance might violate his country 's sovereignty .
australian share prices ended #.# percent firmer tuesday in directionless trading as investors were sidelined while waiting for interim profit results , brokers said .
hope of finding two us marines from a downed jet in the yellow sea was abandoned tuesday as their status was downgraded from missing to <unk> , a us command spokesman said .
a hong kong resident and two taiwanese could face the death penalty if convicted after being arrested with ## million pesos -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- of the drug known as `` ice '' in their possession , a radio report said tuesday .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- fell #.# percent tuesday as investors reacted to disappointing corporate profit results , brokers said .
output of key manufacturing enterprises in the philippines rose #.# percent year-on-year in november #### , the national statistics office -lrb- nso -rrb- said tuesday .
the mother of an australian hasidic jew killed in new york during #### race riots tuesday welcomed the guilty verdict brought against two african-american men , as the victim 's brother vowed to bring others to court .
the indonesian province of west kalimantan remained tense tuesday despite the removal of military barricades on local roads as a wave of ethnic unrest gripped the area , local sources said .
at least ## people died and around ### others were injured in traffic accidents in indonesia 's island of java during the two-day idul fitri moslem holidays , reports said tuesday .
south korea 's opposition parties on tuesday decided that one of their mp 's should reject a prosecution summons calling for him to be questioned in connection with the hanbo group scandal .
south korea aims to strike a deal with the european aircraft consortium aero international regional -lrb- air -rrb- to salvage its disrupted passenger jet project , officials said tuesday .
at least seven people were killed when two vans packed with passengers collided in pakistan during festivities marking the end of the moslem fasting month of ramadan , officials said tuesday .
indian private-sector companies reported lower net profits in the six months to september , said a report released here tuesday by the country 's central bank .
israel will release ## female palestinian prisoners tuesday , six more than originally planned , in fulfillment of a more than year-old commitment under the oslo peace accords , officials said .
israel will release some ## female palestinian prisoners tuesday , several more than originally planned , in fulfillment of a more than year-old commitment under the oslo peace accords , officials said .
at least six more people have been infected with anthrax in the northern thai province of <unk> amid an outbreak of the disease which has already claimed one life , health authorities said tuesday .
concern was raised tuesday over the case of a ##-year-old taiwanese who lost ##,### australian dollars -lrb- ##,### us -rrb- in a spree at a melbourne casino .
expulsions of illegal immigrants from the united states went up some ## percent in one year , ##,### being expelled during the last three months of #### alone , immigration officials said .
australian share prices ended #.# percent firmer tuesday in directionless trading as investors were sidelined while waiting for interim profit results , brokers said .
hong kong 's post handover leader tung chee-hwa will officially move into his new offices this week with all the signs under chinese <unk> pointing to good luck , his office said tuesday .
fiji may introduce a moratorium or a ban on the extraction of coral from reefs , prime minister sitiveni rabuka said tuesday .
roman catholic church and business leaders on tuesday urged the philippine authorities to speed up the integration of former moslem guerrillas into the national police force .
crime legend charles sobhraj , accused of up to ## murders in the ####s and ####s , revealed here tuesday he hopes to sign a ##-million-dollar film deal on his release after ## years in an indian prison .
a kisangani war council sentenced two senior zairean army officials to death monday for the murder of a shopkeeper in the eastern zairean city .
us ground troops have begun deploying in kuwait to take part in routine training exercises with the kuwaiti military , the us embassy said here on tuesday .
russia 's former security chief alexander lebed and chechnya 's president-elect aslan <unk> , <unk> of last year 's agreement to end the chechen war , were to meet again tuesday .
a kisangani war council sentenced two zairean soldiers to death monday for the murder of a shopkeeper in the eastern zairean city .
gold closed lower here tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted eastern taiwan early tuesday , the central weather bureau here said .
troops have sealed off a far northwestern border town in china after riots by separatist moslems against ethnic chinese left more than ## people dead in two days of violence , residents said tuesday .
south korean prosecutors on tuesday sought arrest warrants for two ruling party lawmakers on charges of pressuring banks to extend loans to the failed hanbo group , a prosecutor said .
south korea plans to strike a deal with the european aircraft consortium air -- aero international -lrb- regional -rrb- -- to salvage its disrupted passenger jet project , officials said tuesday .
four children were injured , one seriously , when a homemade bomb exploded in sidi moussa , ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- southeast of algiers , the daily newspaper liberte reported tuesday .
four gunmen on tuesday robbed a rice mill and kidnapped the ethnic chinese miller 's daughter in the southern philippines town of <unk> , police said .
the japanese firm chiyoda has clinched a ###-million dollar deal to build the first wholly privately-owned petrochemical complex in saudi arabia , industry sources and company officials said tuesday .
britain 's minister of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs , jeremy hanley , will arrive here friday to discuss trade and gulf security during a visit to the united arab emirates and qatar , the british embassy said .
visiting spanish foreign minister abel matutes met with president fidel ramos and his foreign secretary tuesday for talks on expanding political and economic ties , officials said .
eight people died and at least ## were injured when a truck carrying iron ore overturned in the eastern indian state of bihar , the press trust of india reported tuesday .
the albanian government was to present parliament with legislation tuesday to impose a state of emergency in vlore where protests have left three dead .
malaysian border officials have allowed several hundred indonesians to cross a technically closed border on the island of borneo , despite ethnic violence on the other side .
senior officials of asean and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- opened talks here tuesday with the eu maintaining the divisive issue of human rights was on the agenda of their foreign ministers ' meeting this week .
the us space shuttle discovery blasted off at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday on a ##-day mission to repair and upgrade the orbiting hubble space telescope .
nearly ## percent of jewish israelis oppose recent proposals to unilaterally withdraw israeli troops from the buffer zone they occupy in south lebanon , according to a poll published tuesday .
a combined scandinavian effort about the tormented life of norwegian nobel literature laureate knut <unk> won the main swedish cinema prizes , the golden rams , at the annual ceremony late monday .
the bullish rand surged against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback compared to monday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
the us space shuttle discovery blasted off at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday on a ##-day mission to repair and upgrade the orbiting hubble space telescope .
anti-government protestors in the port of vlore set fire to the local headquarters of albania 's ruling democratic party on tuesday .
cambodia 's foreign ministry has been given the green light by its government to open embassies in three asean countries , furthering its planned entry to the community , officials said tuesday .
a ##-year old american was killed on the ski slopes monday trying to reach zermatt by an <unk> path , police said tuesday .
two people were hurt tuesday when several hundred palestinians clashed with israeli troops over a disputed plot of land outside this palestinian-run town , palestinian sources said .
a jailed ex-policeman said monday that officers sold guns to the zulu nationalist inkatha freedom party to use in its fight against the now - governing african national congress in the ####s , press reports said here .
thai share prices dropped o. # percent tuesday amid poor sentiment over the weak baht , dealers said .
protestors in vlore set fire to the local headquarters of albania 's ruling democratic party on tuesday , as a funeral march in the southern port turned into an anti-government protest .
the communion of churches -lrb- cci -rrb- in indonesia tuesday called on the government to ensure that its handling of recent cases of mob violence was transparent and comprehensive .
several hundred palestinians clashed with israeli soldiers tuesday over the confiscation of a large tract of land near this palestinian - run town , israeli and palestinian officials said .
south korea 's top economic policymaker on tuesday called for a steel mill project begun by bankrupt hanbo iron and steel co. to be completed this year .
philippine defense secretary renato de villa tuesday backed the arrest by police of two moslem suspects in connection with the killing of a roman catholic bishop in the troubled south .
the us federal bureau of investigation -lrb- fbi -rrb- may set up a permanent office in romania next year to help fight corruption and organised crime , a security advisor to the romanian president said tuesday .
police arrested five suspected mobsters on tuesday , including the mafia boss for the sicilian capital palermo .
a south korean novelist who pleaded in court that he was drunk when he swam into north korea last july , was sentenced to three and a half years imprisonment tuesday for `` acts beneficial to the enemy .
a zambian journalist working for the independent post newspaper was tuesday jailed for three months for contempt of court .
the south african government may announce next week whether or not it approves a controversial deal to sell weapons to syria , the head of the country 's arms commission said tuesday .
the serbian parliament convened tuesday to debate legislation that could defuse weeks of political unrest by recognizing opposition victories in municipal council elections held last november .
nato secretary general javier solana arrived in georgia on tuesday on the second stop of a tour of ex-soviet republics to test their reaction to planned nato expansion .
chinese security forces have arrested about #,### moslem separatists in the remote northwestern border town of yining after bloody riots left more than ## dead , residents said tuesday .
south africa is negotiating with china over the future of its representative office in hong kong , despite having switched recognition from taipei to beijing in december , a government official said tusday .
tamil tiger guerrillas razed a police post in eastern sri lanka tuesday , killing ## constables as tensions mounted between minority tamil and moslem communities in the region , officials said .
rumours that veteran chinese leader deng xiaoping was dead or dying spread on the hong kong stock market tuesday , contributing to a #.#-percent drop on the hang seng index , analysts said .
the tel aviv district court charged <unk> <unk> on tuesday with not informing authorities of the plans of her friend yigal amir who assassinated prime minister yitzhak rabin , legal sources said .
rubber futures prices in singapore ended slightly higher tuesday amid bigger turnover , dealers said .
german celebrity harald <unk> , out-of-work and under a racist stigma after alleged nazi insults of a black american , denied the accusation monday night .
a prominent basque businessman was shot dead here tuesday , local authorities said , a day after two fatal attacks in other parts of spain which the government blamed on basque separatists .
president nelson mandela on tuesday celebrated the seventh anniversary of his famous prison release , and looked back thoughtfully on time he spent behind bars -- thinking .
nearly ### ethnic uighurs have burned chinese flags in front of the chinese consulate in istanbul in protest of what they called china 's oppression policies against moslems in xinjiang province , the turkish press reported tuesday .
nearly ### ethnic uighurs have burned chinese flags in front of the chinese consulate in istanbul in protest of what they called china 's oppressive policies against moslems in xinjiang province , the turkish press reported tuesday .
israeli warplanes staged a raid on the radio station of the iranian - backed hezbollah militia in the syrian-controlled bekaa valley in eastern lebanon on tuesday , police said .
one hundred french and foreign trucks were stuck at the crossover into spain here on tuesday as drivers refused to enter spain fearing they will be stranded by a spanish truckers ' strike .
a south korean court on tuesday issued arrest warrants for two ruling party mps charged with pressuring banks to provide loans to the failed hanbo business group , prosecutors said .
the risk of cows infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy -lrb- bse , or `` mad cow disease ' -rrb- passing it on to their calves is slightly less than originally thought , a government report said tuesday .
police arrested five suspected mobsters on tuesday , including the alleged mafia boss for the sicilian capital palermo .
israeli warplanes staged raids against a radio station operated by the iranian-backed hezbollah militia and a position of a radical palestinian faction in lebanon on tuesday , police said .
an exhibition on the civilizations of ancient yemen will be held in paris in october , with nearly ### artefacts displayed at the institut du monde arabe , a yemeni official said tuesday .
charles sobhraj , accused of multiple murders in the ####s and ####s , revealed here tuesday he hoped to sign a ##-million-dollar film deal on his release after ## years in an indian prison .
syphilis , once rare in britain , is making a comeback due to businessmen 's trips to russia , a group of doctors have written in a specialist medical revue .
a memorial service will be held in stavanger , norway , on sunday for the ## polish seamen who died when their ship sank on saturday , according to the stavanger <unk> daily on tuesday .
rail unions called off a planned nationwide train strike tuesday called to protest government plans to restructure the state rail company .
one of south africa 's emerging airlines , <unk> , will begin a weekly service between johannesburg and douala , cameroon later this month , company officials said tuesday .
a unit of iraqi special forces clashed with clan members north of baghdad in a dispute over agricultural land , leaving ## people dead , iraqi sources arriving in amman said tuesday .
two coveted michelin stars were shining on the london restaurant <unk> on tuesday as the french tire manufacturer issued its #### guide to british wining and dining .
egypt has decided to put up a candidate for the post of director general of the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- , a foreign ministry source said tuesday .
a ruling party legislator was shot and wounded and his bodyguard was killed tuesday in a clash with rival politicians as sri lanka prepared for crucial local government elections , police said .
spain 's gross domestic product grew by #.# percent in #### , just missing the government 's target of #.# percent , the central bank of spain reported on tuesday .
police arrested five suspected mobsters on tuesday , including the alleged mafia boss for the sicilian capital palermo .
suspected members of the basque separatist movement eta gunned down a prominent businessman in broad daylight during a street carnival here on tuesday , local authorities said .
dragonair airlines ltd. , hong kong 's second largest airline , announced the <unk> of a new chief executive officer on tuesday .
the average swiss eats ##.# kilograms -lrb- ##.# pounds -rrb- of chocolate a year , according to #### figures released on tuesday by the union of chocolate manufacturers .
sweden 's largest newspaper publishing group , <unk> , refused tuesday to sell the shares it bought in private television group tv# last week despite a warning to do so from the government .
hundreds of pakistani christians staged a new demonstration tuesday to condemn a mob attack on churches and homes of christians last week .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- tuesday in late trading due to speculative buying of blue-chip scrips , dealers said .
a small group demonstrated against racism here on tuesday after a night of violence in which youths smashed property and torched three vehicles to protest the victory of the far-right national front in a municipal by-election on sunday .
israeli warplanes staged raids tuesday on a radio station run by the iranian-backed hezbollah militia and a position of a radical palestinian group in syrian-controlled areas of lebanon , police said .
the sudanese opposition on tuesday poured scorn on the unfulfilled `` boasts '' of the khartoum government , which had pledged to reverse last month 's military losses in eastern sudan .
some ##,### refugees who fled two camps in eastern zaire as rebels advanced in the region are still unaccounted for , the united nations refugee agency said tuesday .
reports of a controversial arms deal between south africa and syria that resulted in coolness between washington and pretoria have been blown out of proportion , a senior government official said tuesday .
daewoo motor co. upped its stake in its indian joint venture dcm daewoo motors by ## percent to ## percent , the company announced tuesday .
daewoo motor co. upped its stake in its indian joint venture dcm daewoo motors by ## percent to ## percent , the company announced tuesday .
reuters increased its pre-tax profits by ## percent to ### million pounds sterling -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in #### , the british financial information and media group said tuesday .
three palestinian guerrillas and a lebanese civilian were wounded tuesday in a series of israeli air raids in lebanon , police said .
nato soldiers and un police are to step up patrols in this southern bosnian town after the worst clashes since the bosnian war ended , nato said in a statement issued tuesday .
pakistan 's exports declined by ##.## percent in january from their december level , while imports increased by #.## percent , according to official figures released tuesday .
king hussein of jordan will make an official three-day visit to morocco starting february ## that will focus on the middle east peace process and cooperation between amman and rabat , sources here said tuesday .
a leading figure in the russian space program , rocket engineer vladislav bogomolov , died sunday aged ## after a long illness , russian space agency officials told itar-tass news agency tuesday .
finland is discussing with its eu partners the possibility of granting asylum to chinese dissidents living in hiding with their families in hong kong , the finnish foreign ministry said on tuesday .
italian police carried out a major drug bust tuesday seizing ### kilograms -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of hashish , #.# million dollars worth of cocaine as well as weapons and large sums of money , authorities announced .
cyprus president glafcos clerides tuesday slammed turkey for refusing to end a ##-year-old occupation of the divided island which has claimed some #,### lives .
the frankfurt stock market remained on a roll on tuesday , but barely , moving up to its eighth straight record closing high thanks to the dollar 's firmness and a good performance on the bond market , operators said .
sudan 's secret services chief visited addis ababa last week on a secret mission to try improve khartoum 's relations with ethiopia , the respected arab daily , al-hayat , reported tuesday .
the un high commissioner for refugees , sadako <unk> , said tuesday that burundi was nearly `` safe '' enough for refugees to return .
more than ### people have been injured climbing the cheops pyramid or poisoned in the eid al-fitr holidays marking the end of the ramadan fasting month , egyptian newspapers reported on tuesday .
a ruling party legislator and his bodyguard were shot dead in a clash with opposition politicians tuesday as sri lanka prepared for crucial local government elections , police said .
the london share market slipped in the first half of the tuesday session , which was dominated by the start of the company earnings report season , traders said in early afternoon .
a ruling party legislator and his bodyguard were shot dead in a clash with opposition politicians tuesday as sri lanka prepared for crucial local government elections , police said .
the paris bourse was feeble in the first part of the tuesday session in active trading , as the cac ## index stood toward #### gmt at #,###.## points , down #.## percent on the day to that point as trading continued .
ugandan president yoweri museveni vowed his attachment to the <unk> of existing borders during talks of more than an hour on tuesday with president jacques chirac .
the indian government plans to open up coal exploration within the country to foreign companies , a minister said tuesday .
higher crude prices and increased production helped british petroleum -lrb- bp -rrb- increase historic profits , which take into account the value of oil stocks , by ###.# percent in #### , the company said on tuesday .
police clamped a ##-hour curfew on a sri lankan town tuesday shortly after a ruling party legislator was shot dead together with a police bodyguard in election-related violence .
some ##,### refugees who fled two camps in eastern zaire as rebels advanced in the region are still unaccounted for , the united nations refugee agency said tuesday .
swedish prime minister goeran persson will visit bosnia-hercegovina on february ##-## , where he will meet with government officials as well as high representative carl bildt , persson 's office said tuesday .
cyprus president glafcos clerides tuesday slammed british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind for suggesting that neither greece nor turkey had shown the political will to resolve the cyprus question .
the #,### residents of saint helena , envious of the british citizenship given to hong kong 's ethnic minorities last week , are demanding equal treatment , according to a report here tuesday .
`` the english patient , '' a sweeping epic love story , took ## nominations including best picture , best actress and actor at the academy awards nominations here tuesday .
gaza city will get its first american-style fast food restaurant next month when a local businessman opens a branch of kentucky fried chicken .
a united nations mission is expected in north korea before the end of this month to study the country 's food shortages before sending out new appeals to the international community , a un spokeswoman said .
a prominent nigerian human rights activist , detained for two months under anti-terrorism legislation , has denied any involvement in a recent spate of bombings and challenged the government to charge or release him .
a night curfew was clamped at a sri lankan town tuesday after suspected opposition gunmen shot dead a ruling party legislator and a bodyguard ahead of key local government polls , police said .
`` the english patient , '' a sweeping epic love story , took ## nominations including best picture , best actress and actor , at the academy awards nominations here tuesday .
the kremlin backed off a warning tuesday by security council secretary ivan rybkin that russia could use nuclear weapons first if under sufficient threat from a conventional army .
israel began releasing some ## female palestinian prisoners on tuesday , but immediately expelled the first woman freed towards brazil , officials said .
suggesting a new willingness to get involved in peace operations in africa , south africa warned tuesday of the `` ghastly consequences '' if on-going conflicts in the center of the continent are not halted by concerted international effort .
three palestinian guerrillas and a lebanese civilian were wounded on tuesday in israeli air raids on the positions of a radical palestinian faction and a moslem guerrilla group in lebanon , police said .
zairean rebel chief laurent-desire kabila left to inspect his troops tuesday as a us diplomat arrived in goma , his headquarters town on the rwandan border .
burundian opposition leader augustin <unk> who has been under house arrest for a week was taken into custody here tuesday for `` violating state security , '' judicial officials said .
`` the english patient , '' a sweeping epic love story , took ## nominations including best picture , best actress and actor , at the academy awards nominations here tuesday .
indian police said tuesday they intend to take action against a family friend of slain prime minister rajiv gandhi in connection with a controversial #.#-billion-dollar gun deal , a report said tuesday .
two lebanese were released from khiam prison in the israeli `` security zone '' in south lebanon tuesday , bringing to ## the number of prisoners freed there in the past month , a pro-israel radio said .
jordan crown prince hassan ibn talal arrived here tuesday for three days of talks with french leaders .
the international federation of journalists -lrb- ifj -rrb- on tuesday urged algeria to abolish censorship , one year after a deadly bomb attack on the algiers headquarters of several independent newspapers .
a strike called by an ivory coast students ' union to protest the detention of about ## of their colleagues enjoyed widespread support wednesday .
chemical and packaging group <unk> said tuesday it would contribute to a humanitarian fund created last week by swiss banks to benefit holocaust victims , the first move of its kind by an industrial group .
a man and his two teenage sons were convicted tuesday of murdering their wife and mother , who was bludgeoned to death in the family sitting room in august #### .
the un high commissioner on human rights , jose ayala lasso , plans to visit china this year , a un spokeswoman said tuesday .
three palestinian guerrillas and a lebanese civilian were wounded on tuesday in israeli air raids on the positions of a radical palestinian faction and a moslem guerrilla group in lebanon , police said .
seven rwandans awaiting trial on war crimes charges have committed suicide in the last two months , official radio rwanda reported tuesday .
princess diana was to hit back tuesday night at critics of her recent trip to angola as a representative of the british red cross campaign against the use of land mines .
as parliament met tuesday for a vote that could end or at least ease serbia 's political crisis , ##,### students stopped by to drop off some gifts -- a large plastic brain and two <unk> made of ice .
greece on tuesday accused british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind of seeking to destabilize the eastern mediterranean region by stating that greece and turkey were equally to blame for the dispute over the divided island of cyprus .
the iranian oil ministry tuesday denied us charges that illegal iraqi oil exports have passed through iran 's territorial waters , the official news agency irna said .
senior burundian opposition leader augustin <unk> was arrested tuesday for `` violating state security , '' judicial officials said .
algerian president liamine zeroual met tuesday with representatives of various political parties to discuss upcoming legislative elections and the creation of an independent commission to oversee the polls .
hungarian consumer prices rose by #.# percent in january from the december level , the statistics office in budapest announced on tuesday .
us forces in germany were set to perform their first military exercise on tuesday in the former east germany , in a region it occupied for ### days after the end of world war ii .
the us air force will fly some #,### african peacekeeping troops into liberia this week to reinforce nigerian troops monitoring a cease-fire in the west african country , the air force said tuesday .
armed tajik rebels have freed an ailing austrian working with the united nations , the defense ministry announced tuesday .
egypt will be able to cover its needs in cement in #### following the construction by private local and foreign investors of at least three cement plants , industrialists here said on tuesday .
some ### workers in <unk> , in eastern kazakhstan went on strike tuesday , joining a wave of protests over failure to pay out massive pay arrears amid a severe economic recession in the central asian republic .
`` the english patient , '' a sweeping epic love story , took ## nominations including best picture , best actress and actor , at the academy awards nominations here tuesday .
a newly appointed envoy of both the united nations and the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- to the great lakes region arrived in nairobi on tuesday for talks with kenyan officials after talks at oau headquarters in addis ababa on monday , un officials reported .
danish engineering students known for their `` dull and boring '' style will be able to learn a new applied science this weekend at a seminar -- how to seduce women .
france and italy on tuesday condemned monday 's moslem-croat clashes in the southern bosnian city of mostar , which left one person dead and ## wounded .
armed tajik rebels have freed an ailing austrian working with the united nations , the defense ministry announced tuesday .
a strike by some ###,### state workers began quietly tuesday with only public transportation feeling its effects so far , police said .
the serbian parliament tuesday began debating a bill that would reinstate opposition elections wins after ## weeks of street protests .
israel began releasing ## female palestinian prisoners on tuesday , including four women convicted of killing or wounding jews , officials said .
two lebanese were released from prison in an israeli-occupied border zone of south lebanon on tuesday but a former detainee was expelled , an israeli-backed militia and security sources said .
the international peace bureau has nominated bosnian , serbian and croatian opposition leaders for the next nobel peace prize , the organization announced here tuesday .
german defense minister volker ruehe on tuesday offered to help train south african officers in peacekeeping duties .
un refugee agency chief sadako ogata arrived in kigali on tuesday , radio rwanda reported , for talks on the refugee crisis in eastern zaire and the fate of those who have already returned .
twenty-four croats were injured late monday in the moslem-controlled part of mostar after clashes earlier in the day , a croat police official said tuesday .
anglo-dutch group unilever raised its annual profit last year by a strong ## percent , and it is going to sell all of its international companies in the chemical sector , the group announced on tuesday .
labor productivity in the united states jumped an annual #.# percent in the fourth quarter of #### , the strongest quarterly gain in three years , the labor department reported tuesday .
hundreds of paris taxis demonstrated in central paris on tuesday demanding retirement at ## and that their employers respect labor laws .
a shareholders ' group tuesday urged the german electronics group siemens to compensate people forced into working for the company during world war ii .
indian detectives tuesday said they would take action against a family friend of slain prime minister rajiv gandhi over a controversial #.# - billion-dollar gun deal with swedish firm bofors .
some ## impoverished tanzanian students maintained a sit-in at their country 's embassy here tuesday in protest at the tanzanian government 's failure to pay their university grants and tuition fees since july .
zambia 's supreme court on tuesday threw out an opposition bid to bar the country 's electoral commission from conducting further elections using a controversial voters ' register .
six people involved in campaigns against british petroleum -lrb- bp -rrb- activities in northern colombia have been subject to repeated death threats , according to taped testimonies collected by a member of the european parliament .
icelandic president olafur ragnar grimsson arrived in oslo on tuesday for a three-day state visit to norway hosted by king harald v and queen sonja , officials here said .
the italian authorities launched an air and sea search tuesday for a ship that dumped ## iraqi and two pakistani immigrants overboard on six rowboats off italy 's southern coast .
italian opera star luciano pavarotti is to chair this year 's edition of the san remo song festival , press reports said tuesday .
un refugee agency chief sadako ogata arrived in kigali on tuesday , radio rwanda reported , for talks on the refugee crisis in eastern zaire and the fate of those who have already returned .
gyoergy habsburg , the grandson of austria 's last emperor charles i , will marry german duchess <unk> von oldenburg in october , reported the habsburg 's press department tuesday .
a kuwaiti worker trying to measure the level of an oil deposit in southern kuwait died after he was overcome by gas emitted by the reserve , the official kuna news agency said tuesday .
a huge section of siberia will be ringed off for ecological protection under an accord with the world wide fund for nature designed to protect the mineral-rich land .
indian detectives tuesday said they would take action against a family friend of slain prime minister rajiv gandhi over a controversial #.# - billion-dollar gun deal with swedish firm bofors .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and chief of staff amnon shahak toured military positions in south lebanon tuesday , the government press office said .
italy 's organized crime rackets collected between ##.# and ##.# billion us dollars in #### without counting earnings from money - laundering , according to a report here tuesday .
fifty-eight couples were united in a mass wedding in a roman catholic church in lagos , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- reported tuesday .
two students died and several were injured when the followers of two campus cults clashed in a battle for supremacy , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- reported tuesday .
experts from ### countries will gather here wednesday for a conference to discuss how to secure an international ban on anti-personnel mines despite numerous objections from major producers of the deadly devices .
patients with high levels of a certain enzyme in their blood following heart surgery are twice as likely to die of a heart attack than those with normal enzyme levels , a new study says .
the dollar resumed its rise in early trading tuesday after ending weaker monday in response to a call by western finance ministers for an end to the currency 's uptrend .
israeli warplanes blasted guerrilla targets in syrian-controlled areas of lebanon on tuesday , sending a tough message to damascus as prime minister benjamin netanyahu toured occupied south lebanon .
a <unk> , <unk> diet can significantly increase the risk of diabetes in women , according to a new study published this week .
syria on tuesday demanded that any us letter of guarantees accompanying new israeli-syrian peace talks take into account the results of negotiations with the previous left-wing government in israel .
israel began releasing some ## jailed palestinian women militants on tuesday to honor a long-overdue obligation under peace agreements signed with yasser arafat 's plo , officials said .
ukrainian nuclear safety minister yuri kostenko joined international experts here tuesday to discuss ways to shut down the chernobyl nuclear plant by #### , ukrainian diplomats said .
when dennis rodman returns from an ##-game national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- suspension here tuesday , his estranged father will be in the stands watching but the two are unlikely to meet .
the european airbus consortium and us group general electric have failed to reach a financial agreement on <unk> of airbus 's future large-capacity long-haul a###-### aircraft , sources said on tuesday at airbus and ge .
two britons were awarded the #### paul reuter prize by red cross members for their contributions to international humanitarian law , the icrc announced here tuesday .
prospects for a swiss economic recovery remain gloomy according to forecasts published tuesday by the central bank and a private institute .
ethnic uighurs in turkey tuesday called on islamist prime minister necmettin erbakan to intervene after more than ## people were killed in a separatist moslem uprising in western china .
the london stock exchange said on tuesday that it had admitted its first south korean member , lg securities , to build on mushrooming trade in financial instruments from the asian country .
relief workers made plans tuesday to set up kitchens for thousands of rwandan hutu refugees who have fled a camp in eastern zaire , as the united states added its voice to calls for a ceasefire between zairean troops and the mainly tutsi rebels .
time warner , the world 's biggest communications company , on tuesday reported a fourth-quarter net loss of ## million dollars against a gain of five million dollars in the same period a year ago .
the united states has made `` steady progress '' in efforts to persuade russia to sign a charter with nato on establishing formal ties , secretary of state madeleine albright said monday .
a tribal revolt has erupted against the taliban islamic militia in the eastern afghanistan province of kunar leading to clashes which left four rebels dead , afghan islamic press -lrb- aip -rrb- reported tuesday .
former white house adviser joseph stiglitz , launching a new career tuesday as world bank chief economist , said governments should complement market forces in order to promote development .
zimbabwe 's supreme court on tuesday struck down as unconstitutional a controversial new law regulating the operations of non-governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- in the country .
the coca-cola company announced tuesday it had completed the one billion dollar sale of its ## percent interest in coca-cola and schweppes beverages -lrb- <unk> -rrb- of britain to coca-cola enterprises -lrb- <unk> -rrb- incorporated .
eu aid to mostar could be halted if moslem-croat clashes that left one person dead and ## others injured went unchecked , germany warned tuesday , as other eu states and nato condemned the unrest .
mostar mayor ivan prskalo had talks tuesday with senior eu official <unk> <unk> after clashes in the town monday which left one dead .
a ugandan military cargo plane crashed in the ruwenzori highlands in northeast zaire , the zairean defense ministry announced late tuesday .
four persons were killed in two separate attacks over the weekend in southern sierra leone , the president of the sierra leone professional drivers association said tuesday .
a huge oil slick was approaching uruguay 's beaches on tuesday after a panamanian tanker ran aground off the coast at the weekend releasing ### tonnes of oil , lloyd 's of london announced .
the annual consultative conference of the ##-nation southern african development community -lrb- sadc -rrb- ended here on tuesday with agreement to strive for increased productivity in the region .
german pharmaceutical group schering scored a record net profit of ### million marks last year , a ## percent jump from the previous year , according to provisional figures released on tuesday .
warmer temperature resulting from global warming could result in the extinction of a variety of antarctica penguins , greenpeace researchers reported tuesday .
the top western peace coordinator in bosnia warned moslems and serbs tuesday against going back to war over the disputed town of brcko .
the coca-cola company announced tuesday it had completed the one billion dollar sale of its ## percent interest in coca-cola and schweppes beverages -lrb- <unk> -rrb- of britain to coca-cola enterprises -lrb- <unk> -rrb- incorporated .
chicago-based civil rights leader jesse jackson was released on bond here tuesday after spending the night behind bars following a protest over the firing of a black subcontractor at a construction site outside a city museum .
prime minister john major suggested tuesday it `` might be right '' to make denial of the holocaust an offense , but added he was `` dubious '' about how such a law would work in practice .
westinghouse electric posted a ## million dollars loss in the last quarter of #### against a loss of seven million dollars in the fourth quarter of #### , the us <unk> and owner of cbs announced tuesday .
a ugandan military cargo plane crashed in the ruwenzori highlands in northeast zaire , the zairean defense ministry announced late tuesday .
french defense minister charles millon on tuesday began a two-day visit to israel to discuss regional developments and military cooperation , french officials said .
cuban leader fidel castro on tuesday lost another member of his old guard when armando hart <unk> stepped down as minister of culture .
algerian president liamine zeroual on tuesday assured officials from ## political parties that upcoming legislative elections would be held in safety , and proposed dates for the poll 's first round .
the world food programme announced a ## million dollar aid scheme tuesday to help resettle more than ###,### people displaced by sierra leone 's six-year civil war .
eastern slavonia , the last chunk of croatian territory held by separatist serbs , is not yet ready for local elections due in march , un administrator jacques klein said here tuesday .
two people were killed and seven others injured when a bomb exploded in a hotel in a town in eastern ethiopia , national television reported tuesday evening .
the italian trade surplus for #### should hit a record level of close to ## trillion lire -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- , foreign trade minister augusto fantozzi said in rome on tuesday .
a us government report on sierra leone , released here tuesday , has praised the country for improving civil rights and for the advancement of women to senior positions .
a serbian nationalist woman educated in the united states was named information minister in a cabinet reshuffle approved by parliament on tuesday .
the bank of england insisted again tuesday on what it views as the necessity of raising the british base rate , now # percent , by at least a quarter point to help the uk meet its inflation objective .
algerian journalists on tuesday placed a wreath in the capital 's press headquarters and observed a moment of silence in memory of three colleagues killed at the site by a deadly car bomb exactly one year ago .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- said tuesday it has started distributing guidelines aimed at speeding up delivery of narcotic medicines abroad to treat victims in emergency situations .
a national strike by some ###,### public employees was unfolding quietly on tuesday , despite government warnings that rebels would attack during the work stoppage .
world bank president james wolfensohn , in ghana on the latest stage of a mini-tour of africa , told its parliament tuesday that education was one of the keys to good development .
the czech parliament began its debate of the historic post-world war ii reconciliation between the czech republic and germany tuesday afternoon , several days earlier than expected .
a scottish football supporter was stabbed here on the run-up to the scotland v estonia world cup match , it was revealed on tuesday .
a ##-year-old woman whose heart had stopped beating for hours as a result of severe hypothermia last month was resuscitated and is expected to recover fully , the loyola university medical center in suburban chicago said tuesday .
the saudi defense minister , prince sultan ibn abdel aziz , said tuesday he will visit the united states soon but that arms contracts will not be discussed .
croatian president franjo tudjman spoke with bosnian counterpart alija izetbegovic on tuesday on the crisis in the southern bosnian city of mostar , according to a croatian presidency statement .
ford motor co. said tuesday that it was turning to another supplier of seats for its hot-selling expedition sport utility vehicles -lrb- suvs -rrb- as a two-week-old strike at two plants of independent auto parts supplier johnson controls dragged on .
representatives of israel 's ruling coalition tuesday pressed prime minister benjamin netanyahu to approve construction of a new jewish quarter in east jerusalem , but he has postponed any decision , a parliamentary official said .
israeli public television tuesday revealed documents on nazi germany 's payments in gold to switzerland during world war ii .
ugandan president yoweri museveni stressed tuesday that he was fully committed to the existing borders in troubled central africa , and called for a ceasefire in eastern zaire .
two dutch soldiers with the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- in bosnia died tuesday and seven others were injured in a road accident in central bosnia , the dutch defense ministry said .
west african chiefs of staff say more peacekeepers should be sent to liberia to provide security for presidential and legislative elections next may .
the united states cautiously welcomed the vote by serbia 's parliament tuesday recognizing opposition wins in local elections initially annulled by president slobodan milosevic .
the dollar is now trading at `` corrected '' levels against other currencies , us treasury secretary robert rubin told a congressional committee here tuesday .
an ##-year-old british nanny was charged tuesday with murdering a nine-month-old baby in her care , massachusetts police chief frank <unk> said .
secretary of state madeleine albright on tuesday called on congress to vote for a #.# percent increase in the us foreign affairs budget and to pay its debt to the united nations .
guatemalan inmates retained control of the country 's main prison for a second day tuesday , keeping prison guards and police at a distance .
serbian opposition leader vuk draskovic said late tuesday that pro- democracy rallies would continue even though parliament reinstated opposition election wins which had been annulled by the government .
the albanian government has gone back on its decision to try to impose a state of emergency in this southern town following a week of violence , prime minister alexander meksi said tuesday .
an international mediator said tuesday that ## moslem families who were expelled from croat-controlled west mostar on monday evening must be allowed to return .
an advance party has departed for kuwait to prepare the deployment of a us battalion for three months of routine training with the kuwaiti military , military officials said .
rifle-toting rebels holding ## hostages in the japanese embassy residence launched their first direct talks with peru 's government in over a month tuesday , police said .
the state department said tuesday it had officially asked the georgian government to lift the immunity of a diplomat involved in a fatal car accident here .
a senate committee on tuesday postponed confirmation hearings on president bill clinton 's embattled nominee to head the cia , citing new questions about his links to illegal campaign contributions from foreign donors .
israel released most palestinian women militants held in its jails tuesday , honoring a long-overdue obligation under peace agreements with the plo after a day of last minute legal tussles and confusion , officials said .
the deputy leader of france 's far-right national front was reported tuesday as saying he supports a special tax on french firms employing foreigners to spur their departure from france .
the saudi defense minister , prince sultan ibn abdel aziz , said tuesday he will visit the united states soon but that arms contracts will not be discussed .
belgians partial to a spot of <unk> will have to think twice before indulging their passion after the practice was banned by authorities in the southern , french-speaking half of the country .
single israeli women will be able to go to sperm banks for artificial insemination just like married women do , the health ministry announced tuesday .
the iraqi government is responsible for delays in having food and medicine reach iraq as part of a un-brokered oil-for-food deal , the state department said tuesday .
six people were injured when police opened fire on striking sugar workers at big bend , in swaziland 's central <unk> region , the sapa news agency said tuesday .
hunters and farmers in sweden were told tuesday that they can just kill ## lynx a year , and only to protect other animals , in a ruling by the country 's environmental protection authority .
the us senate on tuesday voted to confirm bill richardson as new us ambassador to the united nations , replacing madeleine albright who became secretary of state .
a us federal court has ordered franco-german eurocopter 's us affiliate to pay a criminal fine of ##.# million dollars in a fraud case stemming from the sale of five helicopters to israel , the justice department said tuesday .
a senate committee on tuesday postponed confirmation hearings on president bill clinton 's embattled nominee to head the cia , citing new questions about his links to illegal campaign contributions from foreign donors .
blue chip stocks rebounded tuesday from monday 's losses , scoring off a partial recovery in the high-tech sector and buying of selected shares .
the commonwealth bank of australia -lrb- cba -rrb- ltd. said wednesday that its net profit rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to ### million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the six months to december .
chilean president eduardo frei will address a joint session of the us congress on february ## during his two-day official visit to washington , house speaker newt gingrich announced tuesday .
air force fighters resumed flying tuesday after completing a review of procedures prompted by a string of close encounters with civilian aircraft , the pentagon said .
the midwest manufacturing index edged up one percent in december in the region 's best showing in eight months , the chicago federal reserve reported tuesday .
south korea 's senior security chief tuesday met with top us officials here to discuss bilateral issues in what was billed as regular consultations between the allies .
a senate committee on tuesday postponed confirmation hearings on president bill clinton 's embattled nominee to head the cia , citing new questions about his links to illegal campaign contributions from foreign donors .
acting president rosalia arteaga resigned monday , one day after she was appointed to the post in the midst of a constitutional crisis that followed the ouster of president abdala bucaram .
a ##-year-old man faced five fresh murder charges wednesday when he appeared in court here following a gun rampage in a tiny new zealand ski hamlet which left six people dead .
some ## million people phoned a british airways -lrb- ba -rrb- reservation office tuesday to try to book return tickets to new york aboard the supersonic concorde for just ## pounds -lrb- ## dollars -rrb- , the airline claimed .
a ##-year-old man faced five fresh murder charges wednesday when he appeared in court here following a gun rampage in a tiny new zealand ski hamlet which left six people dead .
the dollar ended stronger against other major currencies here tuesday , while gold prices slipped .
a un probe into alleged mismanagement of the rwanda tribunal set up to judge the #### genocide has found evidence of administrative and judicial failings which could compromise the court 's success .
peruvian president alberto fujimori said in an interview published here wednesday that he was ready to offer an aircraft to the leftist rebels holding ## hostages in the japanese embassy residence in lima .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday summoned home minister kim woo - suk and a parliamentary committee chairman for questioning over the widening hanbo <unk> scandal , prosecutors said .
rebels holding president alberto fujimori 's brother and ## others at gunpoint demanding their jailed comrades be freed met with a government negotiator tuesday but agreed only to continue to talk .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday summoned home minister kim woo - suk and a parliamentary committee chairman for questioning over the widening hanbo <unk> scandal , prosecutors said .
a french multimedia festival awarded its prize for the best product of the past year late tuesday to a cd-rom by singer peter gabriel , offering an `` interactive musical adventure .
twenty-one people were killed and ## others injured in a huge sulphur explosion in southwestern china , press reports said here wednesday .
seven members of the security forces and six passers-by were wounded in clashes sunday with moslem fundamentalists in the <unk> region of eastern niger , local authorities said late tuesday .
chechnya 's outgoing president zelimkhan <unk> 's final decree was to award separatist leader dzhokar dudayev the republic 's highest honor , interfax news agency reported wednesday .
world champion garry kasparov and his russian compatriot vladimir kramnik opened up their lead at the linares chess tournament tuesday , beating britain 's michael adams and judith polgar of hungary respectively .
the chairman of the anglo-dutch group unilever warned wednesday that his company would reconsider its future investments in britain if the country stayed stayed outside the euro zone .
amsterdam and hong kong police have smashed a drug ring carrying ecstasy tablets from the netherlands to the british colony , with the arrest of six chinese , dutch police said .
a ##-year-old man faced five fresh murder charges wednesday when he appeared in court here following a weekend gun rampage in a tiny new zealand ski hamlet which left six people dead .
jazz organist lou bennett died in hospital monday at le <unk> , west of paris , monday at the age of ## , friends said .
the commonwealth bank of australia ltd. -lrb- cba -rrb- , one of the nation 's `` big four '' banks , wednesday posted a higher than expected half-year net profit and promptly announced a home loan interest rate cut that analysts described as `` aggressive '' .
congress leader fabian alarcon , ## , was elected president , getting an absolute majority of votes in the legislative assembly tuesday night .
six grenades exploded almost simultaneously late tuesday in front of six fast food restaurants in san pedro sula , in northern honduras , but there were no casualties , police sources said .
egyptian-born tycoon <unk> gaon was charged here tuesday with corruption and conspiracy to defraud over a bribery scandal involving a casino in cannes owned by his swiss-based business group .
australian miner wmc ltd. said wednesday its consolidated net profit after abnormals fell ##.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- in the six months to december ## .
india 's banks here wednesday were called on to cut their costs and pass on the benefits to borrowers by lowering their lending rates .
rubber prices on the chinese market are expected to plunge still further this year , amid a glut in supply caused by high import levels , a report said tuesday .
congress leader fabian alarcon , ## , was elected president , getting an absolute majority of votes in the legislative assembly tuesday night .
an australian man has been infected in a worsening anthrax outbreak that has claimed the lives of ## cattle , officials said wednesday .
hong kong clothing retailer giordano international ltd. said wednesday it was planning to set up a joint venture to handle at least some of its operations in china .
a public bus was set on fire here late tuesday in one of the few disruptions to trouble the first day of a national strike by some ###,### public employees .
president fidel ramos on wednesday signed a ### billion-peso -lrb- ##.# billion-dollar -rrb- national budget but vetoed a provision prohibiting the use of funds for a plebiscite to amend the constitution .
a policeman , infatuated with a woman colleague , shot her when she refused to drink a cup of tea with him before turning the gun on himself , police said wednesday .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent wednesday as investors bought electrical and construction issues , dealers said .
more than ### hong kong stamp fanatics camped overnight outside the venue of the territory 's biggest ever international philately fair to get a head start on more than ###,### other enthusiasts .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent wednesday amid an absence of positive news to spur the market , analysts said .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent wednesday as investors sought electrical and construction issues .
china announced wednesday more measures aimed at cleaning up rural industry , while admitting the closure of ##,### polluting factories last year had hurt hundreds of thousands of people .
the indian police have stepped up security for the dalai lama after three of his supporters were murdered near his official residence , a spokesman said wednesday .
an indonesian man appeared in a sydney court wednesday accused of importing #.# kilograms -lrb- #.# pounds -rrb- of ecstasy tablets concealed inside four stereo speakers .
philippines defense secretary renato de villa said wednesday manila would upgrade technology and seek greater private sector involvement to help modernize its military .
an elderly woman was beheaded , allegedly following a row with her son in a public housing estate here wednesday , a police spokesman said .
the crews of the two russian ships sent to help clean up an oil spill from a sunken russian tanker off the japanese coast have run out of food , itar-tass news agency reported wednesday .
three prisoners staged an indian-style getaway by throwing chilli powder into the faces of their police guards , the press trust of india reported wednesday .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent wednesday amid an absence of positive news to spur the market .
chinese border authorities uncovered ## cases of drugs smuggling at the frontier with hong kong during the lunar new year celebrations , it was reported tuesday .
india is to open up mining and exploration of coal to the private sector and deregulate its distribution and pricing in a bid to further liberalise the economy , officials said wednesday .
tribal separatist guerrillas shot dead ## people after raiding an isolated village in the far-eastern indian state of tripura , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported wednesday .
tribal separatist guerrillas shot dead ## people after raiding an isolated village in the far-eastern indian state of tripura , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported wednesday .
eleven people drowned after a boat carrying them capsized in a deep - water lake in a central vietnamese province , a report said wednesday .
factional fighting driven by political tension in phnom penh has broken out in cambodia 's northwest battambang province , officials said wednesday .
australia 's labor opposition leader kim beazley expressed concern wednesday after the central bank hinted that there were no further interest rate cuts on the horizon .
factional fighting driven by political tension in phnom penh has broken out in cambodia 's northwest battambang province , officials said wednesday .
up to #,### supporters of aung san suu kyi gathered at the burmese opposition leader 's home for union day celebrations wednesday , as military authorities tried to block access to her compound .
tension has gripped a sri lankan town where a ruling party legislator was shot dead by opposition politicians ahead of wednesday 's close of nominations for local polls , officials said .
chinese customs officials at the border between hong kong and southern boom town shenzhen uncovered ## drug smuggling cases during the chinese lunar new year holidays , xinhua reported wednesday .
burmese opposition leader aung san suu kyi opened her home to supporters wednesday for union day celebrations , despite efforts by the military to blockade the way to her lakeside compound .
vietnam aims to match record #### rice exports of of three million tonnes this year , prime minister vo van kiet was quoted wednesday as saying .
the dollar was firmer against major currencies in mid-afternoon trade here on wednesday but investors were cautious about chasing it too high against the yen , dealers said .
share prices on the new zealand stock exchange -lrb- nzse -rrb- closed #.# percent firmer wednesday as the bourse recovered from a drop the previous day , brokers said .
australian share prices rallied #.# percent wednesday to a record high close after strong rises in bank shares and gains in other blue-chip stocks , brokers said .
uganda denied wednesday that one of its military cargo planes crashed in the ruwenzori mountains in northeastern zaire .
six grenades exploded almost simultaneously late tuesday in front of six fast food restaurants in san pedro sula , in northern honduras , but there were no casualties , police sources said .
us lawyers are racing against time to find riches allegedly hidden in hong kong by former philippine dictator ferdinand marcos before the territory 's handover to china on july # , it was reported here wednesday .
thai construction giant siam cement plc. said wednesday it expects the value of its cement exports to soar ##.# percent from a year earlier to one billion baht -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in #### .
tribal separatist guerrillas shot dead ## people after raiding an isolated village in the far-eastern indian state of tripura , police said wednesday .
a case for damages brought by ## chinese victims of the nanjing massacre started here wednesday , reopening the painful scars left by tokyo 's world war ii 's agression .
european officials wednesday shelved the divisive issue of east timor but pressed their call for reforms in burma ahead of a foreign ministers ' meeting with southeast asian partners .
japan 's canon inc. said monday parent pre-tax profit rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to ###.## billion yen -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in calendar #### .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale struck the indonesian province of west sumatra early wednesday but there was no reports of casualties or damage , the meteorology office said here .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on revived sentiment wednesday , but with persistant profit-taking blocking the upside , brokers said .
south korean home minister kim woo-suk on wednesday resigned over his alleged involvement in the widening hanbo <unk> scandal , the prime minister 's office said .
south korean president kim young-sam 's second son , kim hyun-chul , on wednesday vowed to sue the opposition over allegations that he was involved in a mounting loans scandal .
a group of burmese students held a demonstration outside their embassy here to mark burma 's union day and call for the international community to exert more pressure on the military junta .
south korean home minister kim woo-suk on wednesday resigned over his alleged involvement in the widening hanbo <unk> scandal , the prime minister 's office said .
south korean home minister kim woo-suk on wednesday resigned over his alleged involvement in the widening hanbo <unk> scandal , the prime minister 's office said .
a japanese court sentenced a ##-year-old former aum supreme truth cult member to four years in jail wednesday for attempting to mass produce deadly sarin nerve gas and concealing guns .
burmese troops clashed with ethnic karen forces just across the thai border as preparations continued for a major campaign against the rebels , groups opposed to the junta in rangoon said wednesday .
australian share prices rallied #.# percent wednesday to close at a record high after strong rises in bank shares and gains in other blue - chip stocks , brokers said .
world rubber consumption hit a record ##.## million tonnes in #### , but year-on-year growth slowed sharply and prices dipped amid a decline in western demand , according to a report received here wednesday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on revived sentiment wednesday , but with persistant profit-taking blocking the upside , brokers said .
a hindu fundamentalist candidate standing in upcoming municipal polls in new delhi has been arrested for allegedly murdering a friend who refused to campaign for him , police said wednesday .
a state-sponsored iranian religious foundation has raised the reward for the assassination of salman rushdie to #.# million dollars , the radical daily <unk> islami reported on wednesday .
former pakistani premier benazir bhutto said she wants the new government to complete its five-year term so the country can achieve political and economic stability .
indonesia , the world 's most populous moslem nation , will soon issue regulations that will restrict the sales of alcohol to authorized outlets only , reports here said wednesday .
the man accused of carrying out the latest mass killing to rock new zealand appeared in court wednesday as hundreds gathered for a memorial service for the victims .
the stormy hanbo <unk> scandal has cost south korean banks an extra ## million dollars in overseas borrowing because of an increase in the `` korean premium , '' officials said wednesday .
thailand 's currency fell sharply in morning trade wednesday a six-year low of more than ## baht to the dollar , dealers said .
a state-sponsored iranian religious foundation has raised the reward on the head of salman rushdie to #.# million dollars on the eve of the anniversary of the iranian death sentence issued against the british author , an influential clergyman said wednesday .
philippine leader fidel ramos went for an early afternoon swim here wednesday apparently to dispel widespread rumors that he had suffered a stroke .
tribal separatist guerrillas gunned down ## people after raiding an isolated village in the far-eastern indian state of tripura , police said wednesday .
china has exacted swift and bloody retribution on the instigators of violent riots in xinjiang , executing around ### moslem separatists after summary trials , residents said wednesday .
india 's congress -lrb- i -rrb- party wednesday defended the reputation of former prime minister rajiv gandhi after a former italian associate of his was named as a suspect in an arms deal scandal .
japan 's canon inc. said monday parent pre-tax profit rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to ###.## billion yen -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in calendar #### .
<unk> motorbike manufacturer tvs suzuki wednesday unveiled two <unk> bikes and three scooters which it hopes will help it capture ## percent of the market .
the tajik authorities moved wednesday to fulfil the demands of gunmen holding ## hostages , sending two helicopters to neighbouring afghanistan to pick up supporters of tajik warlord <unk> <unk> , military officials said here .
the rand gained almost two cents to the dollar in early trading wednesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback after dropping sharply tuesday to close at #.#### \/ ## .
senior australian politicians said wednesday they want to move a remnant of the british empire ### metres -lrb- #,### feet -rrb- up the road -- at a cost of ###,### australian dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- .
police clamped an indefinite curfew once again on a sri lankan town wednesday and fired teargas to prevent arson attacks after a ruling party legislator was shot dead by opposition activists .
the australian government was caught in a fresh political row wednesday after prime minister john howard confirmed he had approved a pay rise for the secretary of a senator whose vote was crucial to controversial legislation .
three prisoners staged an indian-style getaway by throwing chilli powder into the faces of their police guards , officials said wednesday .
congress leader fabian alarcon was sworn in as ecuador 's interim president after lawmakers elected him to the post , ending six days of political chaos that began when abdala bucaram was ousted for mental <unk> .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind said wednesday he hopes his chinese counterpart qian qichen will give `` serious consideration '' to human rights concerns in hong kong .
strong camera sales and a weaker yen helped japan 's canon inc. post monday record <unk> profits for #### .
a us government team wednesday has trained cambodian immigration authorities on ways of cracking down on an increasing amount of trafficking in narcotics and human beings .
burmese opposition leader aung san suu kyi opened her home to supporters wednesday for union day celebrations , despite military efforts to blockade the approaches to her lakeside compound .
hong kong share prices closed just #.# percent higher wednesday as investors hunted for bargains among property stocks , dealers said .
chechen separatist leader aslan maskhadov was inaugurated as president in grozny on wednesday , swearing to continue the tiny moslem republic 's drive for independence from russia .
share prices closed #.# percent lower on the korea stock exchange wednesday as investors took profits following recent gains , dealers said .
the head of the westmont group of companies on wednesday warned fellow malaysian investors against putting money into `` sensitive '' philippine firms after a controversial court ruling that derailed a malaysian company 's investment plans .
hong kong share prices rose #.# percent on wednesday as investors hunted for bargains in the property sector , dealers said .
the dollar was firmer against major currencies in late trade here on wednesday but investors were cautious about chasing it too high against the yen , dealers said .
share prices closed #.# percent lower on the korea stock exchange wednesday as investors took profits following recent gains , dealers said .
gold closed lower here wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
general electric co. -lrb- ge -rrb- of the united states is finalizing new investments in southeast asia to tap into the region 's rapid growth , company officials said wednesday .
rail unions have called off a ##-hour nationwide strike planned for sunday after agreeing with the government overnight on the reorganisation of italy 's state railway , union leaders said wednesday .
a senior north korean official , national party secretary hwang jang - yop , has defected to south korea , sbs television said wednesday .
the united states is to send a top-level business delegation to southeast asia in march to explore trade and investment opportunities , it was announced here wednesday .
a senior north korean official , national party secretary hwang jang - yop , has defected to south korea , sbs television said wednesday .
israeli warplanes raided positions of a radical palestinian group , the popular front for the liberation of palestine-general command , south of beirut on wednesday , police said .
at least two people were killed in heavy fighting between armed gangs of supporters of a moslem cleric and militiamen loyal to north mogadishu warlord ali mahdi mohamed on wednesday , witnesses said .
israeli warplanes raided positions of a radical palestinian group for a second consecutive day on wednesday , police said .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk is to travel to china this month for a routine medical exams following a state visit here by indonesia 's president suharto , the royal palace said wednesday .
a senior north korean official , ruling workers ' party secretary hwang jang-yop , has defected and on wednesday asked for asylum in south korea , television reports said .
strong camera sales and a weaker yen helped japan 's canon inc. post wednesday record <unk> profits for #### .
a <unk> coalition wednesday formed a government in the northern indian state of punjab , two days after sweeping the region 's first free election following a decade of sikh militancy .
an explosion rocked the bosnian city of mostar on tuesday night , the day after violence left one person died and ## were wounded , said the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- on wednesday .
china laid the ground wednesday for a fresh round of arrests of errant officials with a people 's daily editorial calling for urgent action against high-level corrupt cadres .
a newspaper close to the saudi government expressed concern wednesday over a crackdown on ethnic uighur moslems in china and urged western human rights groups to intervene .
an indian court wednesday granted bail to an aide of former premier p.v. narasimha rao and six others charged with helping to bribe four opposition members of parliament in #### .
a lebanese man has been arrested here for smuggling heroin inside potato crisp packets to drug addicts receiving hospital treatment for their addiction , a newspaper said wednesday .
philippine leader fidel ramos went for an early afternoon swim here wednesday apparently to dispel widespread rumors that he had suffered a stroke .
israeli warplanes staged mock air raids on a base of a radical palestinian group south of beirut on wednesday , police said .
malaysia 's key stock index closed #.# percent higher wednesday on selective buying of key blue chips and smaller stocks after a week - long holiday , brokers said .
police clamped curfews at a sri lankan town wednesday and fired teargas to disperse rampaging mobs seeking revenge for the slaying of a ruling party legislator by opposition activists .
a ugandan court has nullified the election of a member of parliament after finding him guilty of bribing voters during general elections last year , state-owned new vision newspaper reported wednesday .
a senior north korean official on wednesday asked for asylum in the south korean embassy in beijing in the highest level defection ever from pyongyang , information minister oh <unk> said .
taiwan has suspended air links with south africa in retaliation of pretoria 's planned switch of diplomatic recognition to beijing , a foreign ministry official said wednesday .
thai share prices dropped #.# percent to a ##-month low wednesday amid concerns about problems loans in the financial sector and the baht currency , analysts said .
a chinese bus plunged ## metres -lrb- ## feet -rrb- off a bridge killing ## people and injuring another nine injured , reports said wednesday .
the israeli army reopened hebron 's main wholesale vegetable market wednesday , three years after it was closed following the massacre in a nearby mosque of ## moslems by a jewish settler .
britain urged china on wednesday to give serious consideration to international concern over human rights in hong kong once the territory reverts to beijing 's rule in july .
toshiba corp. of japan said wednesday it would double its investment in a philippine subsidiary to ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- over the next four years .
us telecommunications and semiconductor giant motorola inc announced here wednesday the launch of new high-tech pagers for the indian market .
british aerospace plc is to set up a representative office in the philippines to seek investment and trade opportunities , company officials here wednesday .
argentine president carlos saul menem will visit thailand with ## officials and business leaders next week as part of an effort to boost economic cooperation in the region , an official said wednesday .
france has purchased a new israeli device to prevent mid-air collisions between planes , the haaretz newspaper reported on wednesday .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu left wednesday for a five - day trip to the united states , during which he will present us leaders with his ideas for advancing peace efforts with the palestinians and syria , officials said .
senior north korean official , hwang <unk> , and his personal secretary are under protection at the south korean embassy in beijing following an asylum request wednesday , an embassy official said .
chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke on wednesday voiced his disagreement with the bank of england , which has made repeated calls for higher interest rates .
france has frozen new arms sales to taiwan because of pressure from china , press reports said wednesday , but a taiwanese defense official insisted negotiating channels remained open .
singapore rubber futures prices closed higher wednesday in line with the japanese market , dealers said .
estonian prime minister tiit vahi has decided to close his home page on the internet after it attracted a slew of obscene messages , russia 's itar-tass news agency reported wednesday .
a <unk> coalition wednesday formed a government in the northern indian state of punjab , two days after sweeping landmark elections after a decade of sikh militancy .
more than #,### communist rebels have been granted amnesty by the philippine government over the past three years , an official said wednesday .
the kremlin condemned wednesday a tour of ex-soviet republics by nato chief javier solana , accusing him of pursuing a hidden agenda aimed at undermining moscow 's influence .
south korean diplomats are negotiating with chinese authorities on the defection of a high-ranking north korean official , currently at the south korean embassy in beijing , an embassy official said wednesday .
jakarta share prices rose #.# percent to a record high close wednesday as some foreign funds entered the market , dealers said .
malaysia 's key stock index closed #.# percent higher wednesday on selective buying of key blue chips and smaller stocks after a week - long holiday .
thai share prices dropped #.# percent to a ##-month closing low wednesday amid concerns about problems loans in the financial sector and the baht currency , analysts said .
share prices here rose early on wednesday , boosted by a strong showing overnight on wall street on the back of a late rally in leading us blue-chip stocks , dealers said .
the tajik authorities sent two helicopters to northern afghanistan wednesday to pick up ## gunmen loyal to warlord <unk> <unk> , in line with his main condition for releasing ## hostages , including un staff .
police wednesday searched the home of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga 's estranged brother , anura bandaranaike , as part of investigations into the slaying of a ruling party mp , officials said .
chancellor helmut kohl has sharply denied that he has cancer , breaking a long-standing taboo on the state of his health with a major interview published wednesday .
jakarta share prices rose #.# percent to a record high close wednesday as foreign funds entered the market , dealers said .
palestinian authorities took the first steps wednesday towards reopening hebron 's main wholesale vegetable market , three years after israel closed the bazaar following the massacre in a nearby mosque of ## moslems by a jewish settler , officials said .
south korean prime minister lee soo-sung expressed remorse over the hanbo loans scandal , but an offer to `` take responsibility '' did not mean he would resign , his spokesman said wednesday .
one prisoner was killed and six injured when police stormed the scene of a three-day hostage drama at the st. alban 's jail here wednesday , officials said .
the albanian authorities have sacked vlore 's police chief after a week-long rampage in the southern port which left three dead , sources at police headquarters said wednesday .
the philippine unit of the royal dutch shell group said wednesday it would invest #.# billion pesos -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- annually over the next five years to upgrade downstream facilities .
security forces in central algiers on wednesday raided a building where suspected moslem extremists were holed up and killed several after a standoff of several hours , witnesses said .
washington national cathedral was all set for pamela harriman 's funeral service wednesday , with most of the late us ambassador to france 's friends and relatives attending .
security forces in central algiers on wednesday raided a building where suspected moslem extremists were holed up and killed several after a standoff of several hours , witnesses said .
lebanon lodged a protest wednesday with the committee monitoring a ceasefire in southern lebanon over israeli air raids a day earlier that wounded a lebanese civilian .
britain urged china on wednesday to heed international concern over the future of human rights in hong kong after the territory reverts to beijing 's rule in july .
tribal separatist guerrillas gunned down ## villagers after raiding an isolated hamlet in the north-eastern indian state of tripura , police said wednesday .
a senior north korean official wednesday asked for asylum in the south korean embassy in beijing in the highest level defection from the isolated stalinist state .
share prices on major asia-pacific bourses rallied wednesday as foreign investors entered the region , brokers said .
weakness in the german economy and bond market added to recent falls in the mark , which fell further on wednesday morning , notably against the dollar and the pound sterling , analysts said .
factional fighting driven by political tension in phnom penh has broken out in cambodia 's northwest battambang province , officials said wednesday .
britain 's unemployment total fell for the eleventh consecutive month to a fresh low for six years in the month of january , official figures showed on wednesday .
an increase in iran 's bounty on the head of british author salman rushdie is `` obscene '' and a sign of `` the utter confusion coming out of iran , '' a rushdie support committee said here wednesday .
britain sought to reassure asian business wednesday that its reticence to join the european monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- would not hinder future investments .
malaysia wednesday reopened its border with indonesia 's trouble-torn kalimantan province after closing it on february # amid fears ethnic clashes on the other side could spill over into its territory .
portugal 's telecommunications market will be opened up to full competition by the beginning of the year #### , two years after most other eu states , the european commission decided on wednesday .
notorious criminal charles sobhraj , accused of multiple murders in india in the ####s and ####s , said wednesday he was `` no threat to public safety '' and had turned over a new leaf .
a dog , part labrador part wolf , was spared from being put to sleep for killing a rooster after the people of <unk> , new hampshire , hounded authorities to change the sentence .
an israeli-palestinian committee on economic affairs began work here wednesday with a full agenda including a dispute over the amount israel must reimburse the palestinians on their taxes .
a czech cousin of us secretary of state madeleine albright , who grew up with her during world war ii said wednesday she could not understand why her relative is now ignoring her .
the british royal yacht britannia sailed wednesday toward dubai where it will host trade talks between british and dubai government officials , the british embassy said wednesday .
france 's public deficit for #### is expected to equal #.# percent of gross domestic product , well above the #.# percent required to qualify for the single european currency , budget minister alain lamassoure said on wednesday .
thailand 's currency fell sharply in morning trade wednesday to a six - year low of more than ## baht to the dollar , before recovering slightly later in the day , dealers said .
swiss judicial authorities said wednesday they had seized #.# million swiss francs -lrb- more than one million dollars -rrb- from an bank account held by a canadian lawyer convicted for drug-trafficking and money laundering .
malaysia wednesday reopened its border with indonesia 's trouble-torn kalimantan province after closing it on february # amid fears ethnic clashes on the other side could spill over into its territory .
the israeli army on wednesday demolished three palestinian homes built without a permit in a sector of the west bank city of hebron still under its control .
the kremlin condemned wednesday a tour of ex-soviet republics by nato chief javier solana , accusing him of pursuing a hidden agenda to undermine moscow 's influence .
the smallest of four parties represented in the cambodian parliament on wednesday signed a cooperation agreement with the formerly communist cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- , strengthening the cpp 's alliance ahead of upcoming scheduled elections .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda will visit the troubled himalayan state of kashmir thursday , officials said .
the leaders of south africa 's parliamentary opposition parties wednesday appealed for a political realignment to avoid the country turning into a one-party state -- but remained at odds on how to achieve this .
the french government is preparing a freeze on #### budget credits in order to meet the criteria for the single european currency , finance minister jean arthuis said on wednesday .
five men and a woman who pirated a tugboat last year in a bid to reach the united states were sentenced to jail terms ranging from eight to ## years , a cuban official said .
a law reinstating opposition election wins that serbian president slobodan milosevic had annulled formally took effect wednesday with its publication in the official government gazette .
several european tourists were hurt in a grenade attack monday night on a harar hotel in which two people were killed , the daily ethiopian herald reported wednesday .
french defense minister charles millon discussed boosting franco - israeli military cooperation wednesday with senior israeli officials at the start of a two-day visit to the jewish state , officials said .
chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke and the bank of england clashed over interest rate policy on wednesday , as the government insisted that base rates should not be raised .
bulgaria 's president peter stoyanov on wednesday named a caretaker government with a three-month mandate , led by sofia 's mayor stefan sofiyanski , the presidency announced .
south korean armed forces tightened <unk> wednesday against possible north korean provocations along the border between the two koreas , which are technically at war , officials said .
the british conservative government on wednesday welcomed another sharp fall in unemployment in britain , contrasting the country 's healthy job climate with rising joblessness in continental europe .
an indian judge investigating the world 's worst mid-air collision near delhi which killed ### people was given a three-month extension wednesday to complete his findings .
portugal 's telecommunications market will be opened up to full competition by the beginning of the year #### , two years after most european union countries , the european commission decided on wednesday .
riot squads clashed with several hundred protestors outside a venue here wednesday where four leaders of a mass ##-day strike appeared in court .
the french government is preparing a freeze on #### budget credits in order to meet the criteria for the launch of the single european currency in #### , finance minister jean arthuis said on wednesday .
a liberian-flagged supertanker left iraq on wednesday after loading up with #.# million barrels of crude under a contract with the us firm coastal , official sources said wednesday .
bundesbank spokesman manfred <unk> denied wednesday a report that the german central bank favors a stronger us dollar .
an opposition challenge to zambian president frederick chiluba 's right to rule was adjourned indefinitely wednesday to enable the supreme court to prepare written rulings on preliminary applications .
british aerospace plc is to set up a representative office in the philippines to seek investment and trade opportunities , company officials here wednesday .
hong kong tourist association -lrb- hkta -rrb- said wednesday it regretted having placed an advertisement thanking sponsors of last week 's lunar new year parade which killed one man and left ## others injured .
a lebanese judge requested wednesday the death sentence for former christian warlord samir geagea , who is already serving two life sentences for the #### killing of prime minister rashid <unk> .
the vietnamese government has launched a campaign aimed at wooing overseas vietnamese home by setting up its own website on the internet , an official said wednesday .
an israeli-palestinian committee on economic affairs reached agreement on wednesday for each side to repay debts to the other amounting to more than ## million dollars , israeli officials said .
a bomb exploded wednesday in ikeja , on the north side of lagos , injuring eight people , five of them military personnel , defense ministry spokesman colonel godwin <unk> said .
a dog , part labrador part wolf , was spared from being put to sleep for killing a rooster after the people of <unk> , new hampshire , hounded authorities to change the sentence .
a labourer back from a hard day 's work set his three sisters ablaze with petrol for keeping him awake with their incessant quarreling , the egyptian newspaper <unk> reported on wednesday .
eighteen people drowned when a boat sank on the nile in northern sudan , the independent alwan newspaper reported wednesday .
hong kong investment bank <unk> carr said wednesday it had been renamed indosuez <unk> carr securities to reflect the integration of asian equity business with its french parent , banque indosuez .
a new curfew was clamped on a sri lankan town wednesday as mobs torched shops and homes in revenge for the slaying of a ruling party legislator by opposition politicians .
chinese security forces threw a tight security cordon wednesday around the south korean embassy in beijing , in an apparent bid to secure the safety of a high-ranking north korean defector .
a series of `` family honor '' murders and attacks against middle east immigrant women by men of their own families has shocked sweden and posed a serious problem for the authorities .
the london stock market suffered a moderate decline in the first half of the wednesday trading session due to worries about sterling 's strength and a new bank of england call for higher interest rates , operators said in early afternoon .
bulgaria 's president peter stoyanov on wednesday named a caretaker government with a three-month mandate , led by sofia 's mayor stefan sofiyanski .
an indian judge investigating the world 's worst mid-air collision near new delhi which killed ### people was given a three-month extension wednesday to complete his findings .
the paris bourse remained very firm in active trading in the first part of the wednesday session , boosted mainly by the dollar 's continuing strength , operators said in early afternoon .
the european union 's top trade official on wednesday urged the united states not to invoke national security considerations to block the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- ruling on its controversial anti-cuba legislation .
separatist violence flared in the spanish basque country overnight when firebombs were thrown in several towns overnight , police said wednesday .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda will visit the troubled himalayan state of kashmir thursday , officials said .
pope john paul ii will visit lebanon on may ## , informed sources said wednesday .
a coalition led by the philippine chapter of amnesty international launched a campaign wednesday aimed at blocking burma 's bid to join the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- , the group said .
syria 's president hafez al-assad will allow exiled moslem fundamentalist leaders to return if they admit they were wrong to oppose his government in the ####s , a senior syrian religious figure said wednesday .
the european union has cut by ten percent the subsidies it pays to eu farmers on beef exports to southern africa following protests that cheap eu supplies were hitting the income of poor livestock producers in the region , officials said wednesday .
some ## people have been arrested in akwa ibom state in southern nigeria for shipping hundreds of children to gabon to work on plantations , the guardian reported wednesday .
a united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- newspaper on wednesday accused iran of threatening the gulf and defended the us military as serving as a bulwark against tehran .
foreign minister klaus kinkel on wednesday hailed the belgrade parliament 's recognition of last november 's opposition municipal election wins as `` a further positive step towards implementing the will of the serbian electorate .
an <unk> wine collection belonging to british composer andrew lloyd webber goes on the block at london auctioneers sotheby 's may ## .
the increase of the bounty for the head of writer salman rushdie by an iranian religious organization was condemned in germany wednesday by politicians , booksellers and journalists .
israeli finance minister dan meridor announced wednesday that an economic agreement with the palestinians meant the opening of a `` new page '' in economic relations between the sides .
around ##,### serbian students took to the streets of central belgrade on wednesday , marching for two hours , the day after the parliament passed a law recognizing opposition local election victories .
arab states boosted their international cash reserves by nearly ## percent between #### and #### , which probably increased further by the end of #### , an official report said on wednesday .
bulgaria 's president petar stoyanov on wednesday named a caretaker government with a three-month mandate , led by sofia 's mayor stefan sofiyanski , the presidency announced .
romania 's former king , michael , will soon have his citizenship restored , the government announced wednesday .
jerzy <unk> , a solidarity militant who helped bring down poland 's communist regime in the ####s but also served as security chief when the former communists came back to power , has died , sources said wednesday .
a leading deputy from turkey 's ruling pro-islamic welfare party called wednesday for the sacking of army commanders who called tanks onto the capital 's streets in a show of force this month .
mining giant anglo american announced wednesday it has joined a consortium to begin privatising one of the world 's largest , and potentially lucrative copper mines , zambia 's state-owned konkola project .
opposition leader aung san suu kyi issued a clarion call wednesday for burma 's ethnic groups to join pro-democracy forces as the ruling junta rejected an amnesty international report on its human rights record .
around ##,### students marched through downtown belgrade wednesday , a day after parliament reinstated opposition elections wins , pressing further demands for their dean 's head .
france has banned cultivation of genetically modified maize , government spokesman alain lamassoure announced wednesday after the regular weekly cabinet meeting .
iran 's navy and revolutionary guards are holding exercises in the sea of oman and the indian ocean , the official irna news agency reported wednesday .
estonian prime minister tiit vahi said wednesday he would resign once the political parties in parliament had decided on a successor and were ready to form a new government , the estonian embassy said here .
the swiss federal court is to cooperate with a florence tribunal investigating the sale of a painting attributed to rubens to the paul getty museum in malibu , a court clerk said here wednesday .
mining giant anglo american announced wednesday it has joined a consortium to begin privatising one of the world 's largest copper mines , zambia 's state-owned konkola project , which is potentially lucrative .
ethnic unrest in a troubled indonesian province has left dozens of people dead since the start of the year , a military source told afp wednesday , as unconfirmed independent figures put casualties in the hundreds .
bulgaria will hold early legislative elections on april ## , bulgarian radio cited president petar stoyanov as saying wednesday .
exploding bottles of anesthetic killed a patient on an operating table and injured three surgeons wednesday in a northern indian hospital , the united news of india reported wednesday .
congress leader fabian alarcon was sworn in as ecuador 's interim president after lawmakers elected him to the post , ending six days of political chaos that began when abdala bucaram was ousted for mental <unk> .
romania 's former king , michael , will soon have his citizenship restored , the government announced wednesday .
madeleine albright , the new us secretary of state , will visit the headquarters of nato and the european union 's executive commission here on tuesday , the two organizations announced .
a us warship on wednesday rescued nine crewmen of an iranian cargo boat which began taking on water as it sailed from qatar to the iranian port of bushehr , the us navy said .
the italian state-owned airline alitalia recorded a loss of about #,### billion lire -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in #### , ### billion lire more than expected , the government said wednesday .
non-eu member norway is considering ways of linking the krone to the planned eu common currency , the euro , which is scheduled to be launched in january #### , according to the finance ministry .
a woman who killed a man attempting to rape her was freed late tuesday after spending more than a year behind bars .
saudi arabia and its gulf arab neighbors are planning to spend nearly ## billion dollars on defense over the next five years , a senior united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- military official said wednesday .
a liberal senator has caused a furor by suggesting `` maybe we should have a bit more hitler in us .
den norske bank -lrb- dnb -rrb- , norway 's largest bank , posted a seven percent increase in pre-tax operating profit before loan losses in #### to #.## billion kroner -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , the bank said on wednesday .
the chief of the french oil group total is ready to move into burma if its american partner leaves under international pressure , according to an interview published wednesday in the financial times .
russians kicked out the czars in their #### communist revolution -- and a public opinion poll suggests they want them to stay out .
turkey on wednesday called for greece to open a broad dialogue to resolve differences which have strained the two nato allies ' relations .
estonian prime minister tiit vahi said wednesday he would resign once the political parties in parliament had decided on a successor and were ready to form a new government .
the european commission on wednesday opened an inquiry into france 's plans to pump #.# billion francs into the sfp film and television production company to ease its privatisation .
three christian leaders wednesday demanded the pakistan government order a probe by senior judges into last week 's mob burning of churches and homes of christian families near here .
federal detectives on wednesday said they will seek the deportation of an italian businessman , his wife and three indians in an #.#-billion - dollar arms deal scandal .
bulgaria will hold early legislative elections on april ## , bulgarian radio cited president petar stoyanov as saying wednesday .
israeli companies will take part in three trade fairs in oman , which had previously decided to freeze contacts with the jewish state , the israeli export institute said wednesday .
french tyre group michelin is being quizzed by the european commission over suspicions that it is abusing its dominant position in france and some other eu states to impose unfair conditions on dealers .
a total of ## people have died in hungary in the past three weeks due to an influenza epidemic that has swept through several eastern european countries , a health official said wednesday .
a group of african moslem students studying here has made an official complaint to prime minister sheikh hasina wajed over an alleged racially motivated attack against them , officials here said .
a deal liberalizing global telecommunications trade will conclude successfully by the weekend if no pledges are broken , the european union 's chief telecoms negotiator said here wednesday .
the former owner of rwanda 's largest private oil company is being secretly detained by tanzanian authorities , and could be handed over to rwandan courts on trumped up genocide charges , the main rwandan hutu refugee organization said in a statement wednesday .
around ### riot police on wednesday prevented opposition demonstrators from holding a rally in central tirana , called to protest the government 's handling of a failed investment schemes scandal .
togo 's president , general gnassingbe eyadema , and his <unk> counterpart , general mathieu kerekou , arrived wednesday in abuja for a meeting with nigerian head of state general sani abacha , a source at the international airport in abuja said .
bosnia 's top croat official on wednesday rejected a senior moslem 's calls for the dismissal of a senior croat official and launched his own accusations against moslem officials .
federal detectives on wednesday said they will seek the deportation of an italian businessman , his wife and three indians in an #.#-billion - dollar arms deal scandal dating back to #### .
wall street rose early wednesday as high technology stocks continued to rebound .
a russian soyuz rocket carrying two russians and a german docked wednesday with the orbiting space station mir , an afp correspondent at the mission control center said .
one thousand anti-personnel and anti-tank mines have been discovered in recent days in <unk> , central angola , national radio said wednesday .
un secretary-general kofi annan on wednesday summoned top officials of the international war crimes tribunal on rwanda after an internal probe accused the tribunal of mismanagement .
president nelson mandela lashed out wednesday at critics of his government 's affirmative action policies and crime fighting record .
the white house said wednesday it was reviewing ways to avert a pilots ' strike that could strand thousands of travelers and jeopardize an aviation contract worth billions of dollars .
the white house said wednesday it was reviewing ways to avert a pilots ' strike that could strand thousands of travelers and jeopardize an aviation contract worth billions of dollars .
the british government on wednesday called on iranian president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani to condemn a bounty set by a religious foundation on the head of british author salman rushdie .
journalists in bosnia have suffered a `` string of attacks '' in the past two months , media monitoring officials with the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- said wednesday .
one officer died and two soldiers were injured when they tried to douse a fire which blew up hundreds of artillery shells in a military arsenal , the government said wednesday .
a bomb exploded wednesday in ikeja , north lagos , injuring eight people , five of them military personnel , defense ministry spokesman colonel godwin <unk> said .
the outcome of arbitration hearings on the disputed bosnian town of brcko will be announced here friday , the italian foreign ministry said wednesday .
experts from more than ### countries gathered in vienna on wednesday for talks on outlawing anti-personnel mines , despite hostility from major mine producers to a total ban on the deadly devices .
a humanitarian fund to benefit victims of the holocaust should be set up within the `` next few weeks , '' swiss foreign minister flavio cotti said here wednesday .
police fired tear gas and live bullets wednesday to disperse #,### youths who threatened to burn down the central post office here after thousands of completed us visa forms were found dumped in a river .
the dollar continued its upward swing against other currencies in early trading wednesday , despite comments made tuesday treasury secretary robert rubin that the greenback `` has now corrected itself .
washington mourned the loss of pamela harriman as an illustrious circle of dignitaries , friends and relatives prepared to pay their last respects thursday to the late us ambassador to france .
the senior international mediator in bosnia , high representative carl bildt , warned wednesday that aid could be withheld to the divided city of mostar unless evictions and human rights abuses were stopped .
rebels on the advance in eastern zaire announced the capture of a heavily defended town wednesday as togolese president gnassingbe eyadema called for an international buffer force to protect refugees and ensure the rebels ' withdrawal .
foreign minister klaus kinkel on friday rejected iranian accusations of interference in tehran 's internal affairs and said that bonn 's policy of `` critical dialogue '' with tehran had become a `` very , very critical dialogue .
raul salinas , the brother of former mexican president carlos salinas , has been cleared of tax evasion but will remain behind bars pending other charges , officials said .
iraqi parliament speaker saadun hammadi received two members of bahrain 's consultative council on wednesday in the latest sign of a warming in relations between the two gulf war foes .
the pan-european osce on wednesday said it was deeply concerned at the latest unrest in albania where angry investors took to the streets after losing their life savings in high-risk investment schemes that failed .
a surge in the value of the dollar drove gold prices down to a fresh low for almost four years on wednesday , dealers said .
moldova 's president petru lucinschi met wednesday with the secretary of the russian defense council and urged a quick withdrawal of russian troops still stationed in the former soviet state , his office said .
thieves broke into the jericho station of the palestinian national security police and made off with ##,### dollars in cash from an office safe , the palestinian newspaper al ayyam said wednesday .
philippine defense secretary renato de villa on wednesday said manila would upgrade technology and seek greater private sector involvement as part of its military modernisation program .
at least four people were killed and dozens others seriously injured when a powerful explosion rocked the kati military base near here wednesday , military officials said .
a dozen dead porpoises have mysteriously floated ashore on sweden 's southwestern coast in recent weeks , leaving marine biologists at a loss to explain the deaths , experts said on wednesday .
the tanzania bureau of standards is to install checkpoints at ports of entry to curb imports of substandard consumer goods , the agency announced wednesday .
experts from ### countries gathered in vienna on wednesday for talks on a total ban of anti-personnel mines , despite no-shows by most of the world 's major <unk> .
a humanitarian fund to benefit victims of the holocaust should be set up within the `` next few weeks , '' swiss foreign minister flavio cotti said here wednesday .
the sudanese government has admitted it has been `` unable '' to launch a counter-offensive against rebels who have taken control of territory in the east of the country in the past month .
two of germany 's leading economic institutes expressed doubt wednesday that germany will meet the criteria for launch of a single european currency in #### , despite chancellor helmut kohl 's declared determination to respect them `` to the letter '' .
a hamburg court on wednesday confirmed an injunction preventing broadcasting outside bavaria of kirch group 's digital television programs , known as <unk> .
a top un human rights official said wednesday that croatia was partly responsible for renewed violence in the southern bosnian city of mostar , where ethnic croats this week fired on moslems in a cemetery , killing one .
foreign minister klaus kinkel on wednesday rejected iranian accusations of interference in tehran 's internal affairs and said that bonn 's policy of `` critical dialogue '' with tehran had become a `` very , very critical dialogue .
a new curfew was clamped on a sri lankan town wednesday as mobs torched shops and homes in revenge for the slaying of a ruling party legislator by opposition politicians .
<unk> <unk> , a swedish unit of finnish engineering group rauma , has won an order from chile 's industrial <unk> sa <unk> to supply a <unk> pulp plant for newsprint , rauma said on wednesday .
turkmenistan president saparmurat niazov arrived here wednesday for talks with iranian leaders to boost bilateral ties and finalize economic cooperation deals , state television announced .
the crew of the russian-german space mission <unk> entered the orbiting space station mir wednesday after their soyuz rocket docked with the station , the mission control center said .
police picked up two more leaders of the political wing of the basque separatist movement eta on wednesday , bringing the number of arrests to eight , as firebombs were thrown in several towns in the basque country overnight .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel will visit slovakia in may , visiting german parliament speaker rita suessmuth said wednesday .
estonian president lennart meri will put european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and nato membership for his country high on his agenda when he meets with french president jacques chirac here thursday .
the family of late chechen separatist leader dzhokar dudayev is to get a monthly pension of #,### dollars , under a final decree signed by the outgoing president of the southern russian republic , zelimkhan <unk> .
danish crown prince frederik will pay an official visit to thailand may ##-## , accompanied by a large delegation of business leaders , the danish foreign ministry announced on wednesday .
workers at us auto giant ford 's halewood vehicle plant near liverpool , northwest england , on wednesday accepted a deal brokered between management and unions that will safeguard the factory 's future .
ten people were arrested and a large number of weapons were seized in connection with the #### hold-up of an armored van that left one guard killed , police officials announced wednesday .
the united states has authorized ## news outlets to open offices in havana , a senior administration official said wednesday .
spanish tenor jose carreras has postponed a beirut concert scheduled for friday because his father is critically ill , organizers announced wednesday .
iraqi parliament speaker saadun hammadi received two members of bahrain 's consultative council on wednesday in an apparent sign of a warming in relations between the two gulf war foes .
mozambique 's ruling frelimo party is considering reducing the powers of the president , according to proposals to be debated at its congress in may .
a strike by spanish truckers entered its seventh day wednesday and several foreign firms said the action was affecting production and forcing workers into `` technical '' unemployment .
the government of prime minister jean chretien , which was elected just over three years ago on the pledge to create `` jobs , jobs , jobs , '' announced tuesday a ### million dollar -lrb- ### million us -rrb- program to boost employment among young people .
<unk> electric 's new plant at <unk> in brittany , france , is meant to become the group 's european center for power components manufacture , a top company official said here wednesday .
a portfolio of previously unpublished sketches by the late italian film director federico fellini will go on show at an upcoming film festival in northwest italy next month .
as an unexpected consequence of belgium 's recent paedophilia scandal , `` dysfunction '' has become a buzzword and the town of <unk> in central belgium has even been endowed with an `` assistant mayor for <unk> '' .
mobile phone manufacturers alcatel , ericsson , motorola , nokia and panasonic on wednesday launched a pilot project in sweden aimed at recycling mobile phones , the groups announced .
at least four people were killed and dozens seriously injured when a powerful explosion rocked the kati military base near here wednesday , military officials said .
swedish telecommunications giant ericsson has signed a frame agreement with hungarian gsm operator <unk> ### for expansion of their gsm network , ericsson said on wednesday .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- said wednesday it has received the third of four gas tankers it ordered from finland to transport increased production of liquefied natural gas -lrb- lng -rrb- .
the british government on wednesday `` warmly welcomed '' the release of palestinian women prisoners from israeli jails , a foreign office spokesman said .
a total of ## people have died in hungary in the past three weeks due to an influenza epidemic that has swept through several eastern european countries , a health official said wednesday .
the united states has authorized ## news outlets to open offices in havana , a senior administration official said wednesday .
an operation on a benign brain tumor that elizabeth taylor was due to undergo monday was postponed because the actress is suffering from the flu , her spokesman said here wednesday .
the government of prime minister jean chretien , which was elected just over three years ago on the pledge to create `` jobs , jobs , jobs , '' announced wednesday a ### million dollar -lrb- ### million us -rrb- program to boost employment among young people .
about ## million bargain-hunters tried to phone british airways ' -lrb- ba 's -rrb- reservation office late tuesday , hungry to book ##-pound -lrb- ##-dollar -rrb- return tickets to new york on supersonic concorde , ba said on wednesday .
visiting crown prince hassan of jordan and president jacques chirac agreed wednesday on the need for the future status of jerusalem to guarantee the right to free access of all believers .
bosnian leaders averted a serious political crisis on wednesday , settling a dispute over the powers of the country 's six deputy ministers which had threatened to bring the government down .
swedish rubber and metals specialist trelleborg posted a ## percent fall in pre-tax profits in #### to #.## billion kronor -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , the group said on wednesday .
most of bosnia 's croats and moslems are cautiously optimistic that their joint government will survive despite clashes monday in the southern city of mostar , according to an opinion poll published wednesday .
british telecommunications group cable and wireless announced on wednesday that it has sold just over half of its holding in swedish group netcom systems , resulting in a gain on disposal of ### million kronor -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- .
swedish insurance group trygg-hansa has sold its hansa re reinsurance operations in the us and canada to a group of international investors , the group said on wednesday .
the chairman of an official inquiry into the murder and torture of somali civilians at the hands of canadian peacekeepers has lambasted the government for cutting short the probe .
itt corporation , owner of the sheraton hotel chain , said wednesday it has urged its shareholders to reject the ## <unk> partial tender offer from hilton hotels , describing the bid as `` inadequate '' .
bosnian croat politicians in mostar on wednesday condemned for the first time publically the expulsions of moslems from croat-controlled parts of the city .
the opposition labor party 's shadow cabinet wednesday said it would table a censure motion against the government 's handling of the `` mad cow '' beef crisis monday , a move that if successful could force a no - confidence vote in the government .
a pakistani diplomat , jamsheed marker , was named wednesday personal representative of un secretary-general kofi annan for east timor .
a man and his two teenage sons were sentenced to long jail terms wednesday for murdering their wife and mother , who was bludgeoned to death in the family sitting room in august #### .
turkey and the french-german consortium eurocopter are expected to sign a nearly ### million dollar agreement thursday for the manufacture here of ## cougar military helicopters , a turkish government source said wednesday .
russian presidential hopeful alexander lebed is to travel to france next week for a string of face-to-face meetings with french politicians in his third foreign sortie this year , officials said wednesday .
french transport minister bernard pons has asked the civil aviation authority -lrb- dgac -rrb- to test whether pilots using the busy nice airport have difficulties landing , officials said wednesday .
the french national rail system , the sncf , has chosen the cegetel firm to cooperate with it in exploiting the sncf telecommunications network , the rail company announced on wednesday after a board of directors meeting .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said wednesday he was not expecting washington to lead syria to the negotiating table , and that damascus would have to make the move itself .
france is to name german conductor kurt masur a commander of the order of the legion of honor , the culture ministry announced wednesday .
legislators looking into a contract between the computer systems giant ibm and argentina 's tax bureaucracy , <unk> , said wednesday that firms linked to the deal were laundering kickback money .
a mafia turncoat has created legal history by becoming the first former mobster to file civil proceedings against members of the sicilian mafia suspected of killing his son , judicial sources said wednesday .
the violence between croats and moslems in the southern bosnian town of mostar was a `` consequence '' of a political impasse , moslem-croat federation president kresimir zubak said wednesday .
un secretary-general kofi annan on wednesday summoned top officials of the international war crimes tribunal on rwanda after an internal probe accused the tribunal of mismanagement .
the opposition labor party 's shadow cabinet wednesday said it would table a censure motion against the government 's handling of the `` mad cow '' beef crisis monday , a move that if successful could force a no - confidence vote in the government .
a ##-year-old retired postal worker was handed a four-month suspended prison term here wednesday for shooting his cancer-stricken friend in the heart to save her from an agonizing death by suffocation .
president bill clinton warned wednesday that the threatened strike by american airline pilots could have widespread repercussions as the white house reviewed ways to avert the work action .
bosnia 's moslem-croat and serb authorities declared wednesday that their police forces will ensure demonstrations do not get out of control in the flashpoint northern town of brcko when its future status is announced by arbitrators on friday .
the crew of the space shuttle discovery was set to fetch the hubble telescope for improvements that should give researchers new information on the evolution of the universe .
the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- in bosnia on wednesday confiscated a bosnian serb tank near the disputed flashpoint northern town of brcko , nato said in a statement here .
the crew of the russian-german space mission <unk> entered the orbiting space station mir on wednesday after their soyuz rocket docked with the station , the mission control center said .
a soldier has died after being shot in a garrison town in northern ireland late wednesday , sources close to the security forces said .
iran denied wednesday that its ambassador in pretoria was returning home to help expedite the release of a south african who has been held here for a month but added that talks were still underway to free him .
a strike by spanish truckers entered its seventh day wednesday and several foreign firms said the action was affecting production and forcing workers to be laid off .
the united states <unk> wednesday with ally south korea over the defections of two north korean officials and said the incident should be treated as a `` normal asylum '' case .
eight egyptian <unk> -lrb- christians -rrb- were killed and five wounded in a gun attack by moslem militants in southern egypt on wednesday , police said .
eight egyptian <unk> -lrb- christians -rrb- were killed and five wounded in a gun attack by moslem militants in southern egypt on wednesday , police said .
texas authorities have launched an investigation into us software giant microsoft 's alleged anti-competitive practices in the internet market , a specialist publication said wednesday .
a soldier was killed and a woman wounded wednesday in a shooting incident at a roadblock in the ulster garrison town of <unk> near the border with ireland , sources close to the security forces said .
the house of representatives was set wednesday to vote on limiting the number of terms members can serve in office , but there appeared little chance such a measure would pass .
eight egyptian <unk> -lrb- christians -rrb- were killed and five wounded in a gun attack by moslem militants in front of a church in southern egypt on wednesday , police said .
the united states conferred wednesday with ally south korea over the defections of two north korean officials and said the incident should be treated as a `` normal asylum '' case .
six people including a little girl were killed and ## injured when a powerful explosion rocked mali 's main military base near here wednesday , the armed forces ministry said .
president bill clinton warned wednesday that the threatened strike by american airline pilots could have widespread repercussions , as the white house reviewed ways to avert the stoppage .
a representative of tutsi rebels who are advancing in eastern zaire said wednesday he had met several french officials here for talks on the zairean crisis .
a senior serbian official called wednesday for a halt to more than ## weeks of pro-democracy demonstrations , saying they were pointless now that parliament has reinstated opposition election wins .
an albanian policeman was shot dead wednesday by unknown gunmen in the southern town of vlore , scene of violent anti-government riots earlier this week , the interior ministry announced .
the united states conferred wednesday with ally south korea over the defections of two north korean officials to china and said the incident should be treated as a `` normal asylum '' case .
an albanian policeman was shot dead wednesday by unknown gunmen in the southern town of vlore , scene of violent anti-government riots earlier this week , the interior ministry announced .
an american indian tribe is suing to claim ownership of liberty island , site of the statue of liberty , as well as ellis island , where immigrants were once processed upon their arrival in the united states , court officials said wednesday .
the united states condemned wednesday a bombing in lagos , the fourth since december against military targets that have claimed several lives .
a british soldier was shot dead and a woman wounded wednesday in an attack on an army checkpoint in the ulster garrison town of <unk> near the border with the irish republic , police said .
an albanian policeman was shot dead wednesday by unknown gunmen in the southern town of vlore , scene of violent anti-government riots earlier this week , the interior ministry announced .
ten us news organizations were given the green light wednesday to open offices in havana , ending a ##-year exile of american media outlets from the communist nation , the white house announced .
<unk> eurocopter corporation -lrb- aec -rrb- on wednesday denied it had paid a commission to an israeli businessman to secure the sale of five helicopters to israel .
us food aid to haiti fosters dependency on foreign intervention and creates social tensions , says a development organization in a report released here wednesday .
un secretary-general kofi annan on wednesday summoned top officials of the international war crimes tribunal on rwanda after an internal probe accused the court of mismanagement .
fred goldman said he would drop his ## million dollar judgment if american football great o.j. simpson confesses to the murder of goldman 's son and simpson 's ex-wife .
a key figure in the whitewater controversy dogging president bill clinton was pressured by the special prosecutor in the case to recant earlier testimony , the witness ' ex-wife said wednesday .
us secretary of state madeleine albright said wednesday that food aid should be given to north korea to avoid instability , as a un organization made an appeal to feed #.# million north koreans .
a british soldier was shot dead and a woman wounded wednesday in a sniper attack that prompted fresh fears of a loyalist paramilitary backlash in northern ireland .
with cyprus vying to join the european union , the united states must seize the opportunity to press for a settlement on the divided island , secretary of state madeleine albright said wednesday .
australia 's lend lease corp. said thursday its net profit after abnormals rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to ### million australian dollars -lrb- ###.# million us -rrb- in the six months to december .
blue chip stocks broke a record wednesday , shooting over #,### points to nearly #,### as covering purchases boosted mining , petroleum and high technology stocks .
the sudanese government has admitted it has been `` unable '' to launch a counter-offensive against rebels who have taken control of territory in the east of the country in the past month .
australia 's unemployment rate remained steady at #.# per cent in january , the bureau of statistics said thursday .
seoul , south korean president kim young sam on thursday named parliamentarian so <unk> as the country 's new home minister after his predecessor quit over the snowballing hanbo scandal , a report said .
seoul , south korean president kim young sam on thursday named parliamentarian so <unk> as the country 's new home minister after his predecessor quit over the snowballing hanbo scandal , a report said .
on his first day in office , ecuadoran president fabian alarcon wednesday cheered the national soccer team , and told ecuadorans to go back to work and put the political crisis behind them .
humanitarian agencies on wednesday appealed to the un security council to wield political pressure to back the efforts of relief workers delivering aid in strife-torn central africa .
a tight security blanket remained in place here thursday around a south korean embassy building where a high-ranking north korean official has taken refuge in a defection bid .
the dollar traded higher against most currencies wednesday , continuing an upward trend that resumed tuesday spurred by hedge fund buying over the last few weeks .
the world jewish congress on wednesday warmly welcomed what it called the swiss government 's `` historic '' decision to set up a humanitarian fund to benefit victims of the holocaust .
the british foreign office moved wednesday to clarify remarks by foreign secretary malcolm rifkind warning of a war between greece and turkey , saying he did not have the cyprus problem in mind .
vice-president al gore is to leave thursday for south africa to attend the third meeting of a us-south africa bilateral commission , white house officials said .
a civil rights group called on president bill clinton wednesday to grant a visa to a chinese man who is a bone marrow match for his brother suffering from leukemia .
the house of representatives rejected on wednesday a proposal to amend the constitution so as to limit the number of terms members can serve in office .
a british soldier was shot dead and a woman wounded wednesday in a sniper attack that prompted fresh fears of a loyalist paramilitary backlash in northern ireland .
south korean president kim young-sam on thursday named parliamentarian suh <unk> -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- as the country 's new home minister after his predecessor quit over the snowballing hanbo scandal , a report said .
australia thursday recorded a surprise surge in new jobs which economists said would reinforce the central bank 's view that another interest rate cut was not warranted .
japan 's kobe steel ltd. is to redevelop its former headquarters site and nearby land in kobe in western japan , hit by a massive quake two years ago , at a total cost of ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , company officials said thursday .
a dozen north koreans who arrived at the the south korean embassy where pyongyang 's highest-level defector is being sheltered were refused entry to the compound thursday .
the swiss national bank is to administer the planned humanitarian fund to benefit victims of the holocaust , the nazi persecution of the jews , a bank spokesman said wednesday .
a dozen north koreans who arrived at the a south korean embassy building where pyongyang 's highest-level defector is being sheltered were refused entry to the compound thursday .
australia-based building materials group pioneer international ltd. has ruled out making an acquisition in france despite its desire to expand in europe , a newspaper report said thursday .
dozens of american airlines international flights will be canceled this week , the second largest us carrier said wednesday as the likelihood of a pilots ' strike increased .
french foreign minister herve de charette reiterated thursday that france had frozen arms sales to taiwan , after a taiwanese defense official claimed negotiating channels remained open .
the world 's smallest republic , nauru , got its fifth president in four months thursday when the ## seat parliament elected veteran politican <unk> <unk> to the office .
the world 's smallest republic , nauru , got its fifth president in four months thursday when the ## seat parliament elected veteran politican <unk> <unk> to the office .
australian prime minister john howard has ruled out moving a historic speaker 's chair from the old parliament house -- a gift from britain -- saying the government can not afford a bill estimated at ###,### australian dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- .
japan 's mitsubishi electric corp. said thursday it plans to boost its personal computer -lrb- pc -rrb- shipments in the year to march #### due to expected strong demand for <unk> machines .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu arrived here late wednesday for a three-day visit that was to include a meeting with president bill clinton .
south korea on thursday sent an urgent diplomatic mission to beijing to help bring back north korea 's top ideologue , seeking asylum in the south korean embassy there , foreign ministry officials said .
the lawyer for disgraced detective mark fuhrman , who played a key role in the double homicide trial of o.j. simpson in #### , asked wednesday for simpson to be indicted for perjury .
south korea on thursday sent an urgent diplomatic mission to beijing to help bring back north korea 's top ideologue , seeking asylum in the south korean embassy there , foreign ministry officials said .
chinese police lifted thursday the street cordon surrounding the south korean embassy building in beijing where north korea 's highest-level defector is taking shelter .
a meeting of foreign ministers from the ##-member european union and seven-member association of southeast asian nations began here thursday with future relations between the two regions high on the agenda .
hsbc holdings plc said thursday it had signed a seven-year agreement with us-based first data corp. to provide credit card processing services to four members of the hsbc group in hong kong , britian and the united states .
hong kong is to force home the latest group of ### vietnamese boat people next week , a government spokesman said thursday .
the united states conferred wednesday with ally south korea over the defections of two north korean officials to south korea -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- and said the incident should be treated as a `` normal asylum '' case .
chinese police lifted thursday the street cordon surrounding the south korean embassy here where north korea 's highest-level defector has taken shelter , as a group of pyongyang cadres hovered outside .
hong kong cinemas will cut ticket prices one day a week in an effort to boost flagging audiences and movie makers .
a chinese security cordon on thursday stopped north korean cadres entering the south korean embassy in beijing where the highest level official ever to defect from north korea has taken refuge .
algeria 's official human rights body hit back at amnesty international wednesday , saying it should keep out of the troubled country 's affairs .
a rising tide of vietnamese illegal immigrants , many of whom engage in prostitution and crime , are posing a new threat to social stability in parts of china , a report said thursday .
central bank governors from ## asian countries opened an annual meeting here thursday to discuss monetary strategies for the region in the face of a world economic slowdown .
an indian moslem scholar is set to publish a rejoinder in english to salman rushdie 's controversial `` satanic verses , '' the book which led the british author to be sentenced to death by iranian religious leaders , a newspaper said thursday .
zulu traditional healers have concocted a secret herbal potion aimed at calming the endemic violence in the south african province of kwazulu-natal .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and southeast asia should set aside disputes and seek to build a strong partnership based on trade and investments , singapore deputy prime minister lee hsien loong said thursday .
german chancellor helmut kohl will visit australia in late april or early may , according to unnamed government sources quoted by the national news agency .
an inmate takeover of the country 's main prison ended its third day wednesday as a second prison was seized by nearly #,### convicts who also began a `` peaceful occupation '' to press their demands for improved conditions .
visiting indian foreign minister inder kumar gujral has denied what interfax news agency described as rumors that new delhi would form a military alliance with moscow to counterbalance nato .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close in almost seven years thursday amid bullish sentiment among investors , brokers said .
cambodia on thursday mourned the death of <unk> chan <unk> , a cambodian united nations human rights worker killed in a brutal ambush earlier this month in rwanda along with three colleagues .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent thursday as investors turned away from blue chips in favor of smaller issues , analysts said .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close in almost seven years thursday amid bullish sentiment about the market 's outlook .
australia will stage its first major sumo wrestling tournament in sydney in june , with the event to be televised in japan , officials announced thursday .
indonesia 's national commission of human rights -lrb- <unk> -rrb- has offered to mediate to end clashes between rival ethnic groups in west kalimantan province which have left hundreds of people dead .
president carlos menem pledged on wednesday his `` unqualified commitment '' to restoring peace and democracy in ecuador , which recently concluded a week-old constitutional crisis .
new zealand share prices edged up #.# percent on light buying interest following a strong performance by overseas bourses , brokers said .
south korean prosecutors sought arrest warrants thursday for two congressmen and <unk> home minister kim woo-suk on charges of taking bribes from the failed hanbo group , yonhap television news said .
south korean prosecutors sought arrest warrants thursday for two congressmen and <unk> home minister kim woo-suk on charges of taking bribes from the failed hanbo group , yonhap television news said .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent thursday as investors turned away from blue chips in favor of smaller issues , analysts said .
armenia intends to develop its links with the north atlantic treaty organisation in the partnership for peace programme , defense minister <unk> sarkissian told nato secretary-general javier solana wednesday , itar-tass news agency reported .
moscow is to reduce considerably the number of its troops stationed in moldova , itar-tass news agency quoted russian defense minister yuri baturin as saying in the <unk> capital chisinau wednesday .
two thousand ethnic karens have crossed into thailand to seek refuge from fighting between karen rebels and burmese government forces , a senior thai military officer said thursday .
a top diplomatic delegation from seoul entered the south korean embassy here thursday to help negotiate the <unk> of a top-level north korean official who defected to the south .
japan 's prime minister ryutaro hashimoto hinted thursday that north korea may have suspected that a top official would defect to south korea even before he sought asylum in beijing .
two thousand ethnic karens have crossed into thailand to seek refuge from fighting between karen rebels and burmese government forces , a senior thai military officer said thursday .
vietnamese president le duc anh 's poor health will prevent him from meeting his argentinian counterpart carlos menem when he visits hanoi next week , an official source said thursday .
a top diplomatic delegation from seoul entered the south korean embassy here thursday to help negotiate the departure of a top-level north korean official who has defected to the rival south .
india will not allow aircraft to fly in its airspace unless they are equipped with anti-collision radar , officials said thursday .
a one-day strike called by the ruling and opposition parties to protest the massacre of ## people by tribal separatists paralysed the far-eastern indian state of tripura thursday , officials said .
factional fighting between soldiers and khmer rouge defectors loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties continued in northwest battambang province thursday , officials said .
india is to ban aircraft from its airspace unless they are equipped with anti-collision radar , officials said thursday .
china on thursday urged calm over the defection of a high-level north korean official to the south korean embassy in beijing .
the dollar was lower against the yen and the mark in mid-afternoon tokyo trading as investors took profits amid concerns about possible bank of japan intervention , dealers said .
china published thursday the latest in a series of counter-attacks against western criticisms that its growing nationalism is threatening to develop into out-and-out <unk> .
opposition to australia becoming a republic is falling away , according to an opinion poll released thursday .
china urged calm thursday over the defection of a high-level north korean official to the south korean embassy in beijing .
asia 's central bankers asserted their financial strength thursday , touting economic growth figures that far outstripped the global average .
the united states conferred with ally south korea over the defections of two north korean officials to the south korean embassy in beijing and said the incident should be treated as a `` normal asylum '' case .
the australian share market gained #.# percent thursday to their third consecutive record high close after a strong performance on wall street , brokers said .
indonesian president suharto will make a week-long visit to cambodia , laos and burma to discuss economic , bilateral and international issues , state secretary murdiono said here thursday .
aum supreme truth guru shoko asahara was ordered from a courtroom here thursday after he again interrupted proceedings and denied he had ordered the killing of an <unk> lawyer and his family .
personal computer sales totalled ##.# million in asia pacific region in #### , with china remaining the hottest market in the region , a market research firm said thursday .
a judge has sentenced three men to hang for the murder of a woman amid sharp concerns about the rise in violent crime in papua new guinea .
china 's central government has launched a drive to make all low - ranking civil service appointments through open examinations by #### , a vice minister of personnel was quoted as saying thursday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher thursday , with the nikkei stock average pulled up by active buying in laggards and blue chips , brokers said .
israeli helicopters <unk> and rocketed parts of the bekaa valley in central lebanon in the small hours on thursday but no casualties were reported , lebanese police said .
fifteen public toilets in dhaka have been named after leading figures who opposed bangladesh 's independence and collaborated with pakistan army during the #### war , a newspaper reported thursday .
the australian share market rose #.# percent to its third consecutive record high close thursday following a strong performance on wall street .
hong kong will next week open the first of its expressway network systems serving the new airport , billed the largest engineering project in the world , an official said thursday .
bangladesh 's prime minister sheikh hasina wajed is travel to new delhi friday to participate in a four-day inter-parliamentary conference hosted by india , officials here said thursday .
tight security was put in place thursday on the eve of the funeral of a murdered catholic bishop to be attended by hundreds of mourners and high-ranking officials .
china ousted south korea last year as the second largest market in asia for personal computers , an industry monitoring group said thursday .
japanese shares rallied thursday , with the key nikkei stock average closing #.# percent higher on active buying of laggards and blue chips , brokers said .
british nationals will no longer be entitled to unconditional visa - free entry to hong kong under new rules to be brought in ahead of the handover to chinese rule in july , the government announced thursday .
a judge has sentenced three men to hang for the murder of a woman amidst concerns over a rise in violent crime in papua new guinea .
bangladesh 's prime minister sheikh hasina wajed has dismissed threats of street protests by the main opposition party saying her rivals had no grounds for creating trouble .
bangladesh 's prime minister sheikh hasina wajed has dismissed threats of street protests by the main opposition party saying her rivals had no grounds for creating trouble .
beef sales have plunged on bangkok 's food markets amid fears over an outbreak of the rare bacterial disease anthrax , butchers said thursday .
beef sales have plunged on bangkok 's food markets amid fears over an outbreak of the rare bacterial disease anthrax , butchers said thursday .
a parliamentary committee will settle the future of government-owned international broadcasters radio australia and australia television , the australian senate decided thursday .
sri lanka 's main opposition thursday vowed to take tough action against one of its mps implicated in the assassination of a ruling party legislator and ordered him to surrender immediately .
islamic leaders here have attacked government plans to limit the sale of alcohol in the world 's most populous moslem nation saying they do not go far enough , reports said thursday .
military authorities in the province of central java have banned a book on the july #### riots in jakarta saying it was published by an unrecognised organization , a report said thursday .
a global conference will open here friday to discuss the falling number of female members of parliament across the world , organisers said here thursday .
andre agassi made a successful return to the court on wednesday , surviving a second-set scare to beat mark knowles in the first round of the atp tour tennis tournament here .
nine egyptian coptic christians were killed and six wounded in an attack by moslem militants on worshipers in front of a church in southern egypt , according to the latest police toll announced on thursday .
the rand opened almost unchanged against the dollar thursday at #.#### \/ ## , after closing wednesday at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent lower in cautious trading thursday despite sharp gains on wall street , dealers said .
media baron rupert murdoch 's pan-asian satellite television broadcaster star tv said thursday it would keep its headquarters in hong kong after the territory 's handover to china .
british nationals will no longer be entitled to unconditional visa - free entry to hong kong under new rules to be brought in ahead of the territory 's july # handover to chinese rule , the government announced thursday .
civil servants in india 's largest state are saturday expected to hear the results of a bizarre poll designed to reveal which of them is the most corrupt , newspapers said thursday .
hong kong share prices slumped #.# percent in cautious trading thursday despite sharp gains on wall street , dealers said .
gold closed higher here thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's ###.##-### .## .
the sri lankan government thursday announced a `` final '' six-month amnesty to tax evaders to bring out their undisclosed cash held within the country or abroad .
colonel theoneste bagosora and three other people accused of masterminding the #### genocide in rwanda will go on trial next wednesday , the international tribunal for rwanda announced thursday .
iran 's elite revolutionary guards vowed thursday to carry out a death sentence against british author salman rushdie after a religious foundation raised the bounty on his head to #.# million dollars .
tajik gunmen who have been holding ## hostages including un personnel for a week pledged thursday to release a group of russian journalists among the captives , the journalists ' news organizations reported .
the main armed islamic group in egypt warned thursday that us interests are under threat following a us decision to extradite the political leader of a palestinian islamic group to israel .
gulf arab states expect to sign a landmark free trade pact with their main economic partner the european union within one or two years , a senior gulf official said thursday .
south korean prime minister lee soo-sung on thursday offered to resign to take responsibility for the political crisis caused by the hanbo loan scandal the offer was refused , a presidential spokesman said .
china 's foreign minister qian qichen arrived here thursday to attend a meeting of asian and european foreign ministers .
thai share prices slumped #.# percent to crash below a key support level in early afternoon trade thursday amid concern over the currency and the country 's finance sector , brokers said .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange thursday amid ample liquidity , dealers said .
the dollar was lower against the yen and the mark in tokyo trading thursday as investors took profits amid concerns about possible bank of japan intervention , dealers said .
philippine legislators from different parties rallied thursday in a bid to overturn president fidel ramos 's veto of a key budget provision aimed at blocking him from changing the constitution .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the korea stock exchange thursday amid ample liquidity and bullish sentiment , dealers said .
hundreds of artists and other people gathered in this mediterranean port on thursday to demonstrate against the closure of a local theater by the city 's far-right authorities .
colonel theoneste bagosora and three other people accused of masterminding the #### genocide in rwanda will go on trial next wednesday , the war crimes tribunal for rwanda announced thursday .
a top diplomatic delegation from seoul entered the south korean embassy here thursday to help negotiate the departure of a top-level north korean official who has defected .
tajik gunmen holding ## hostages including un personnel thursday pledged to release five russian journalists and one of the un captives unconditionally as a `` goodwill gesture .
iraq on thursday urged the united nations to speed up the delivery of food and medicine under the humanitarian oil-for-food deal which took effect two months ago .
fighting erupted thursday close to the thai border between karen rebels and burmese government forces , aid workers and thai military officials said .
two thousand people demonstrated thursday against threats to close a theater in this mediterranean port , one of four towns controlled by the far-right french national front .
irish rock band u# , long-time champions of human rights , will give their first concert in israel later this year as part of their `` <unk> '' tour , organizers said on thursday .
some #,### ethnic karen refugees have crossed into thailand to escape fighting between karen rebels and burmese government forces , a senior thai military officer said thursday .
the indonesian authorities have detained around ### people following days of unrest after alleged military abuses in a district of the troubled territory of east timor , sources said thursday .
south korean prime minister lee soo-sung on thursday offered to quit over a political crisis caused by the hanbo scandal , but his offer was rejected , a presidential spokesman said .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher thursday , fuelled by a stronger ringgit and a record high close on wall street , brokers said .
the moslem extremist abu sayyaf group has denied ordering the killing of a roman catholic bishop in the southern philippines , a police commander said thursday .
thirteen people were killed in clashes pitting armed gangs loyal to a moslem cleric against supporters of north mogadishu warlord ali mahdi mohamed , hospitals and victims ' families said thursday .
fighting erupted thursday close to the thai border between karen rebels and burmese government forces , aid workers and thai military officials said .
the british government 's target measure of inflation remained unchanged at a ##-monthly rate of #.# percent in january , official figures showed on thursday .
south korea on thursday made public a memo written by hwang jang-yop , the top north korean ideologue who has sought asylum in south korean embassy in beijing .
india 's most notorious criminal charles sobhraj , linked with more than a dozen murders in the ####s and ####s , was granted bail here thursday after more than two decades behind bars .
thai share prices fell #.# percent thursday on concern over the weak baht , foreign currency debt and financial institutions , analysts said .
the dollar eased against the mark and the yen in choppy singapore trading thursday amid fears of central bank intervention to check its rise , dealers said .
the indonesian authorities have detained around ### people following days of unrest after alleged military abuses in a district of the troubled territory of east timor , sources said thursday .
metro pacific corp. , the philippine arm of hong kong 's first pacific group , said thursday net profit rose ## percent from a year earlier to ###.# million pesos -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in calendar #### .
pakistan said thursday it was keeping a watch on the situation in china 's northwestern xinjiang region , hit by rioting involving uighur moslems and ethnic han chinese .
palestinian authorities have released from prison a renegade plo leader whose armed gang once terrorized the west bank and appointed him in the self-rule security forces , security sources said thursday .
portugal claimed thursday it has not vetoed a new economic cooperation agreement between the european union and the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- and blamed indonesia for the impasse .
shares here rose on thursday morning on the wings of an overnight surge in stock values on wall street , dealers said .
malaysia may be forced to deploy tougher measures to deport thousands of illegal immigrants back to their country , deputy home minister megat junid megat ayob said thursday .
an opposition-called general strike in support of unpaid government employees was being largely observed across the comoro islands early thursday .
security agents in northwestern kazakhstan have seized a kilogramme -lrb- #.# pounds -rrb- of radioactive uranium destined for illegal trafficking , itar-tass reported thursday .
norway registered a trade surplus of ##.# billion kroner -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in january , up ## percent from the same month last year , the central bureau of statistics -lrb- ssb -rrb- said on tuesday .
algerian security forces have killed eight people , including two women and two children , in an operation against suspected islamic extremists , the algerian press reported thursday .
a north korean diplomat caught trying to smuggle ## pieces of ivory out of zimbabwe has holed up in his embassy here , preventing police from prosecuting him , a local newspaper reported thursday .
jakarta share prices rose #.# percent thursday to a record high close as foreign funds entered the bourse , dealers said .
british nationals will no longer be entitled to unconditional visa - free entry to hong kong under new rules to be introduced ahead of the territory 's july # handover to chinese rule , the government announced thursday .
egyptian nobel laureate naguib mahfuz has called for a dialogue between arab and israeli intellectuals in an effort to secure peace in the middle east .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent higher thursday , fuelled by a stronger ringgit and a record high close on wall street .
kenyan authorities have suspended four senior police officers saying they bore ultimate responsibility for the deaths of two university students killed during a demonstration in december , it was reported thursday .
police clashed with separatist sympathisers in the spanish basque country town of bilbao early thursday during the arrest of carlos rodriguez , a leader of eta separatist movement 's political wing .
future hong kong leader tung chee-hwa thursday attacked democratic party chairman martin lee for damaging foreign confidence in the territory .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda was ridiculed thursday for leading his party to a humiliating rout in a by-election for a state assembly seat he vacated .
in a major blow to the kinshasa government , zairean troops have conceded the northern town of isiro to the rebels of laurent desire kabila , zairean military sources said thursday .
syria warned the united states on thursday to beware of following the middle east policies of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , who is currently visiting washington .
the headline ##-month inflation rate in britain rose to #.# percent in january from #.# percent the month before , official figures showed on thursday , in a setback to the government 's inflation record .
kenyan president daniel arap moi has called for the united nations , the united states and the european union to deploy a buffer force on the borders between zaire and its neighbors , newspapers reported thursday .
a south korean diplomatic team on thursday attempted to negotiate safe passage for a north korean defector who sought asylum at the south korean embassy .
thailand 's central bank chief vowed thursday to battle traders speculating against the baht as a lack of confidence in the currency battered the country 's stock market .
two thousand people demonstrated thursday against threats to close a theater in this mediterranean port , one of four towns controlled by the far-right french national front .
belgium on thursday banned the import of live pigs from the netherlands following an outbreak of swine fever there , the agriculture ministry said on thursday .
thai share prices fell #.# percent thursday amid concern over the weak baht and doubts about the health of financial institutions , analysts said .
sri lanka 's main opposition thursday moved to head off mounting public anger against it by dumping a legislator linked to the assassination of a ruling party mp ahead of key local elections .
jakarta share prices rose #.# percent thursday to close at a record high on gains in selected stocks supported by an inflow of foreign funds .
a father and son suspected of murdering a bishop in this southern philippine town thursday denied any role in the killing , on the eve of the clergyman 's burial .
former finnish defense minister elisabeth rehn on thursday called for finland , which is military non-aligned , to join nato , in an article published in the daily helsingin sanomat .
princess alexandra will arrive in hong kong friday for her last visit as honorary head of the territory 's police force before china resumes sovereignty here .
fresh infighting erupted in india 's congress -lrb- i -rrb- party thursday , with a group of dissidents blaming its new chief for its stunning defeat in a series of elections last week .
hong kong share prices slumped #.# percent in cautious trading thursday despite sharp gains on wall street , amid rumors about the health of china 's veteran leader deng xiaoping .
south korean prosecutors on thursday arrested two more confidants of president kim young-sam and sent them to prison to await trial for their involvement in the hanbo loans scandal .
the trial of four men accused of playing key roles in the #### genocide in rwanda will start next wednesday at the troubled un war crimes tribunal in arusha , tanzania , it was announced thursday .
pressure tightened on northern ireland 's shaky peace process thursday after the presumed ira sniper killing of a british soldier wednesday night raised fears of a loyalist reprisal .
foreign ministers of the asean grouping and the european union held lengthy talks thursday on the sticky human rights situation in burma at the opening day of their meeting here .
the dollar remained steady early on thursday in london against the mark after the previous day 's sharp rise , but continued to move higher against the yen , dealers here said .
most major asia-pacific bourses rallied thursday on strong interest from foreign investors following a record high close on wall street .
south african president nelson mandela arrived in harare on thursday for talks with his zimbabwean counterpart robert mugabe on security in southern africa and the great lakes region .
moslem separatists called a general strike in kashmir thursday as indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda began a tour of the troubled himalayan state , inaugurating a power project .
more than #,### former soldiers and communist activists , including an olympic gold medalist , have been charged with crimes committed under the ousted dictator mengistu haile mariam , officials said .
the albanian authorities on thursday denied that the murder of a policeman in the riot-torn port vlore was connected with anti- government protests .
visiting south african president nelson mandela described the situation in swaziland as `` almost explosive '' after meeting zimbabwean president robert mugabe to discuss regional issues thursday .
share prices on the battered bangkok bourse slumped #.# percent to a ##-month low thursday on rumors of a baht devaluation and concern over bad loans in the banking and finance sectors .
the headline annual inflation rate in britain rose to #.# percent in january from #.# percent the month before , official figures showed thursday , in a setback to the government 's inflation record .
an attempt by palestinians to open up their long-closed stores in hebron on thursday turned into a free-for-all battle of eggs and vegetables with nearby jewish settlers , witnesses said .
the albanian authorities on thursday denied that the murder of a policeman in the riot-torn port of vlore was connected with anti- government protests .
south african trade and industry minister alec erwin will visit france from march ## to ## , with a delegation of south african businessmen , his ministry said here thursday .
president boris yeltsin will talk about pension provisions , relations with chechnya and calls for constitutional change in a radio address friday -- his first since being hospitalised for double pneumonia on january #-## , the kremlin said thursday .
south african president nelson mandela described the situation in swaziland as `` almost explosive '' and called for elections in war-torn zaire after talks with zimbabwean president robert mugabe here thursday .
former french president valery giscard d'estaing called on european leaders to allow italy and spain to be part of the first wave of countries joining in european monetary union on january # , #### , even if they fail to meet the convergence criteria of the maastricht treaty .
zambia will host a meeting of a regional committee charged with coordinating sanctions against burundi on thursday , a foreign ministry spokesman said , and delegates were expected to discuss progress on restoring democracy there .
the spanish national confederation of taxis urged its members nationwide on thursday to join a week-long truckers ' strike that has jammed national highways and caused millions of dollars in lost business .
russian interior minister anatoly kulikov , whose powers were boosted earlier this month , said thursday president boris yeltsin had given him a free hand to crack down on economic crimes such as tax evasion , interfax news agency reported .
turkey on thursday signed two contracts totalling more than half a billion dollars boosting its defense helicopter fleet , in money - spinning deals with french-german consortium eurocopter and us group sikorsky .
israeli police have detained two rabbis for allegedly accepting tens of thousands of dollars in bribes for facilitating quickie conversions to judaism , court sources said on thursday .
political groups across egypt , from the moslem brotherhood to the marxist <unk> party , on thursday condemned the murder by moslem militants of nine christians in a church in southern egypt .
france is likely to be able to meet the budget deficit criterion of the treaty on european monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- because it has scope for further budget cuts , the oecd said in a report on thursday .
the zairean military thursday conceded the loss of northeastern isiro to advancing rebels as kenyan president daniel arap moi called for an international buffer force along zaire 's eastern borders to stop aid getting to the guerrillas .
british-based insurance firm commercial union said thursday it had launched a fund to help overseas investors put money in the indian stock market .
more than #,### portuguese trucks were stranded thursday in neighbouring spain because of a truckers ' strike there , the country 's road hauliers ' association -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said .
pakistan 's prime minister-designate nawaz sharif has called a meeting of industry and business leaders later this month to discuss ways to revamp the economy , a spokesman said thursday .
prime minister h.d. deve gowda thursday offered an economic package for kashmir , as moslem separatists called a strike to protest the indian leader 's visit to the troubled state .
pakistani police detained ### people thursday firing teargas and launching baton charges to disperse thousands of christians protesting recent violence against the community , witnesses said .
portugal blamed indonesia thursday for the failure to forge a new economic cooperation agreement between the european union and the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- .
cricket hero imran khan said thursday he was prepared for a `` long innings '' in pakistani politics after the poor showing of his party in the recent general elections in the country .
former moslem rebels have threatened to go back to war if funds promised for their return to civilian life are not released soon , a moslem official said thursday .
the frankfurt stock market continued its spectacular roll on thursday , again closing at a record closing high , sustained by a strong dollar , a very firm bond market and wall street gains on wednesday , traders said .
taiwan 's cabinet thursday approved a proposal to cut the salary of president lee teng-hui by ## percent to ###,### taiwan dollars -lrb- ##,### us dollars -rrb- a month , an official said .
south african state spending for the current fiscal year ending march ## will be #.# billion rand -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- over the original estimate for a total ###.# billion rand -lrb- ##.## billion dollars -rrb- , finance minister trevor manuel said thursday .
the opposition social democrat party thursday welcomed an offer from finance minister theo waigel to begin applying some planned income tax cuts next year rather than #### as the government had envisaged .
the london stock markets stabilized in mid-session after reaching record levels in the morning , waiting for wall street to open , traders said at lunch-time .
retail sales in the united states rose #.# percent in january after a revised #.# percent rise in december , the government announced here thursday .
senior members of lesotho 's ruling party and opposition groups warned thursday of an impending `` civil war '' involving army and police factions in this tiny southern african <unk> .
the paris bourse was very firm in the first part of the thursday session in very active trading , as the cac ## index reached an all - time high of #,###.## points shortly after the opening .
initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits in the united states fell ##,### to a seasonally adjusted ###,### for the week ending february # , the labor department reported thursday .
retail sales in the united states rose #.# percent in january after a revised #.# percent rise in december , the government announced here thursday .
deposed ecuadoran president abdala bucaram said on arriving here thursday that he was ousted by a coup d'etat and that his country was now run by a dictatorial regime .
us retail sales rose #.# percent in january , the commerce department reported thursday .
norwegian forestry and paper group norske skog posted a ## percent drop in pre-tax profits in #### to #.## billion kroner -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- due to a weaker market , the company said thursday .
west african foreign ministers were due to meet here thursday to discuss key issues linked to liberia 's peace process ahead of presidential and legislative polls slated for may .
central bank chiefs from southeast asia are to discuss asset price inflation at a regional meeting here , indonesia 's representative said thursday .
serbia has threatened to deny entry to us lawmakers because colleagues of theirs backed the pro-democracy movement by giving speeches at belgrade rallies , us officials said thursday .
pakistani police detained ### people thursday after heavy teargas shelling and baton charges to disperse thousands of christians protesting over recent violence against the community , witnesses said .
india 's largest development bank thursday said it planned to raise ### million dollars from capital markets abroad .
an indian judge probing the worst mid-air collision in aviation history left here thursday for russia and britain to continue his investigations .
the united nations announced thursday it has appointed indian diplomat <unk> <unk> as its new envoy to the palestinian self-rule territories , replacing norwegian terje larsen .
indonesia 's national commission of human rights -lrb- <unk> -rrb- has offered to mediate to end clashes between rival ethnic groups in west kalimantan province which have left hundreds of people dead .
hong kong will host the international investment funds conference in october , the hong kong investment funds association said thursday .
french police freed two chinese illegal immigrants who were being held for ransom in the cellar of a house at nanterre , west of paris , the interior ministry said on thursday .
mali 's independent national electoral commission -lrb- ceni -rrb- has demanded that the general election due on march # be postponed , because the country is unprepared , its president said thursday .
hundreds of lagos residents were homeless thursday after a tanker carrying kerosene overturned and burst into flames in a densely - populated slum area , sparking a major fire , press reports said .
the mayor of cannes , michel <unk> , who is in jail facing two corruption charges , resigned on thursday , officials at the town hall of this french riviera city said .
swedish tools and mining materials group atlas copco posted an eight percent rise in pre-tax profits in #### , to #.## billion kronor -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , due to generally strong sales , except in the main european market , the company said thursday .
factional fighting raged for the fourth day thursday in northwestern cambodia with unconfirmed reports putting the death toll at around ## .
algerian president liamine zeroual on thursday continued to lay the groundwork for an independent commission for monitoring elections and for new campaign laws , official sources said .
the serbian electoral commission on thursday confirmed that the opposition together coalition won control of belgrade city council in disputed local elections last november .
the spanish contingent of the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- in bosnia hit back thursday at criticism over its actions in mostar during a moslem-croat clash this week .
mali 's independent national electoral commission -lrb- ceni -rrb- has asked that the general election due on march # be postponed , because the country is unprepared , its president said thursday .
britain 's conservative government admitted on thursday that its monthly jobless figures conceal the true employment picture here , in a twist dubbed `` the confession of the decade '' by the opposition labor party .
french humanitarian organizations medecins du monde -lrb- mdm -rrb- and action contre la faim - acf - -lrb- action against hunger -rrb- called for united nations action on thursday to come to the aid of refugees in eastern zaire .
french defense minister charles millon offered his country 's assistance here on thursday in helping israel reach a peace agreement with syria and lebanon .
the government and representives of ###,### striking public workers were set to begin a new round of talks thursday as the national work stoppage entered its third day .
a fleet of ten north korean diplomatic cars arrived outside a police cordon around south korea 's beijing embassy late thursday , where a top pyongyang official has sought asylum , an afp reporter saw .
a group of united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- volunteers will sail to iraq on friday with a second shipment of relief aid and more consignments will be sent , organisers said on thursday .
eritrean police have offered to reward citizens who help in the fight against smuggling with ## percent of the value of goods recovered , national radio reported thursday .
the families of abducted belgian children have been asked to identify clothing and other personal effects found in houses owned by marc dutroux , the convicted rapist accused of masterminding belgium 's paedophile network , judicial sources said thursday .
the head of the german economic research institute -lrb- diw -rrb- , lutz hoffmann , said thursday that he did not expect the german jobless figure to fall below #.# million before the year #### .
eritrea has decided to hire more than ### indian and filipino teachers of english in preference to their more expensive western counterparts , an education ministry official said thursday .
the families of abducted belgian children have been asked to identify clothing and other personal effects found in houses owned by marc dutroux , the convicted rapist accused of masterminding belgium 's paedophile network , judicial sources said thursday .
a former christian minister julius <unk> failed to win re-election to the pakistani parliament in polls for ## seats reserved for <unk> minorities , according to results announced thursday .
the iraqi authorities have lifted obstacles that have delayed the delivery of humanitarian goods under the oil-for-food deal with the united nations , un officials said thursday .
the upper house of the russian parliament , the federation council , thursday postponed a vote on a controversial law declaring art treasures seized by the red army in germany during world war ii to be russian property .
philippine foreign secretary domingo siazon sought to assure trading partners here thursday that investments remain secure in his country despite the scrapping or suspension of major contracts won by foreign firms .
the serbian opposition came a step closer to taking power in the belgrade city assembly on thursday when the local electoral commission confirmed its victory as ceded in a parliamentary vote .
faster than expected economic growth and budget cuts will enable france to meet the criteria to join europe 's planned single currency in #### , the oecd said thursday .
sudanese authorities have arrested a son of key opposition leader sadek al-mahdi , the umma opposition party said here thursday .
china thursday demanded that britain ensure more than #,### vietnamese asylum-seekers leave hong kong before the territory reverts to mainland rule on july # , warning their continued presence would cause `` social problems .
the malian government opened an inquiry thursday to determine the cause behind a blast which destroyed an army munitions dump here , killing six people .
german electrical engineering group siemens plans to pay the same dividend for financial ####-## , ending at the end of september , as in ####-## , #.## marks per share , siemens financial officer <unk> baumann said on thursday .
dutch electronics group philips said thursday it had signed a letter of intent to sell its smart card business - philips smart card and systems -lrb- <unk> -rrb- - to british firm de la rue .
exide , the world 's leading auto battery maker , has just signed a deal with volkswagen group to set up a system for recovery and recycling of vw 's used auto batteries , exide europe announced on thursday .
egypt has started pumping from its first oil well in the <unk> depression in the western desert , the newspaper al-ahram reported on thursday .
a fleet of eleven north korean diplomatic cars arrived outside a police cordon around the consular section of south korea 's beijing embassy late thursday , where a top pyongyang official has sought asylum , an afp reporter saw .
visiting israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu held meetings here thursday with vice president al gore , secretary of state madeleine albright and a congressional leader ahead of talks with president bill clinton .
police arrested two more members of the basque separatist movement eta 's political wing thursday in an on-going clampdown on the organization 's leadership linked to a court case .
the islamic development bank -lrb- idb -rrb- has reached agreement on rescheduling niger 's ##.# billion cfa franc -lrb- ## million dollar -rrb- debt , an official source said thursday .
russia 's foreign intelligence service has denied any knowledge of an alleged sale of advanced russian missile technology to iran , interfax news agency cited a spokeswoman as saying thursday .
british-swedish steel group avesta sheffield posted a pre-tax loss of ### million kronor -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in the period april-december #### owing to a collapse in steel prices , the group said on thursday .
unknown assailants overnight threw an anchor on overhead power supply cables on the <unk> railway line , causing the suspension of train services for five hours , officials said .
a new solution for a takeover of the aviation construction activities of bankrupt dutch group fokker is under negotiation between two dutch machine tool makers , stork and <unk> , a stork spokesman said thursday .
angola 's former rebel movement unita said thursday it had sent four of its ## future cabinet members to luanda , but insisted the remainder would only join them when talks on a joint program were launched .
eleven kenyans have been hiding from authorities in oulu in northwestern finland for over a month in order to avoid being deported home , according to the finnish daily sana on thursday .
spanish consumer prices rose by #.# percent in january from december and were up #.# percent year on year , the lowest spanish annual inflation rate since #### , the national statistics institute announced on thursday .
the us military will close a dozen us military installations in europe by the end of #### , returning them to their host countries , germany and turkey , the pentagon announced thursday .
the acropolis , the ancient greek temple in athens , was closed to tourists for an unknown period thursday because of a strike by workers at the greek ministry of culture .
police have recovered the gun used to kill an investigative journalist and questioned five people in connection with the murder which has gripped the nation , reliable sources said thursday .
the european union on thursday deplored an increase in the <unk> offered for the assassination of british author salman rushdie , and asked iran to block any move that could hinder the search for a solution to the rushdie affair .
the romanian parliament is considering legislation that would allow citizens once sought by the feared secret police to have access to their files , parliamentary sources said thursday .
blue-chip stocks were slightly higher thursday in early trading , reflecting stability on the bond market .
the pakistan muslim league led by premier-designate nawaz sharif opened talks thursday with ethnic-based mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- in a bid to forge a coalition to rule the southern province of sindh .
seventeen algerian soldiers were killed last week in an ambush by islamic militants near the coastal town of <unk> east of algiers , a source close to the banned islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- said here thursday .
saudi arabia is to provide a ##-million-dollar loan to the palestinians , through the world bank , for education and health programs in the self-rule territories , the official wafa news agency said .
the main armed iranian opposition group , the people 's mujahedeen , thursday announced that it was broadcasting by satellite to iran .
the spanish truckers ' week-long strike has left thousands of automobile factory workers idle and shut down factories , with no sign of an end to the action in sight .
the european parliament will next week hold an unprecedented debate on a resolution calling for the dismissal of the european commission over its handling of bse , or `` mad cow '' disease .
sarah ferguson , the duchess of york , on thursday made a spirited defense of her one million dollar a year association with weight watchers as she appeared on a chicago 's morning television show .
a mayor who made international headlines by organising a rally backing the introduction of islamic law into turkey has been charged with spreading hatred by the country 's top security court , the semi - official anatolia news agency said thursday .
twenty-five kilometres -lrb- ##.# miles -rrb- of fine sandy beaches north of punta del este were covered with oil three to four centimetres -lrb- one to #.# inches -rrb- thick thursday following an oil spill from a panamanian tanker , witnesses and officials said .
loyalist paramilitaries were meeting thursday on the future of their ##-month-old ceasefire after a presumed ira sniper shot dead a british soldier at an ulster checkpoint wednesday night , loyalist sources said .
the fbi will send a new team of investigators to saudi arabia to probe last year 's terrorist bombing that left ## us soldiers dead , media reports said thursday .
bulgaria 's interim government constituted a forum for economic stabilisation thursday as parliament sat for the last time before early elections slated for april .
turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash said thursday a clean-up operation has started to prepare for the settlement of a greek-cypriot coastal resort evacuated in the #### turkish invasion .
south africa 's main trade union federation , cosatu , thursday threatened a one-day border blockade of neighbouring swaziland in support of a national strike in the troubled southern african kingdom .
four syrian mothers were allowed to visit their sons in israeli prisons after they were given an exceptional authorization to do so , a military source said thursday .
big dutch electronics group philips cut its loss sharply last year to ### million guilders -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- against #.## billion guilders in #### , the group announced on thursday .
an attempt by palestinians to open up their long-closed stores in hebron on thursday turned into a free-for-all battle of eggs and vegetables with nearby jewish settlers , witnesses said .
ninety-nine ethiopian refugees flew from a camp in northeastern kenya thursday to their home region of gode , in southeastern ethiopia , the nairobi office of the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- reported .
tajik president emomali rahmanov and islamic opposition leader abdullah nuri are to hold peace talks in iran on february ## , a tajik opposition official said thursday .
belgian police probing a kickbacks scandal on thursday raided the headquarters of the french speaking socialist party in a fresh blow to the beleaguered coalition of prime minister jean-luc dehaene .
calls intensified thursday to halt fighting in eastern zaire as the zairean military conceded the loss of the strategic northeastern town of isiro to advancing rebels .
the dollar was unstable in early trading thursday in new york , losing ground to major currencies except the yen and the pound sterling .
the us financial services giant , american general , will merge with <unk> in a stock deal worth #.# billion dollars , the two companies announced thursday .
the european parliament will next week hold an unprecedented debate on a resolution calling for the dismissal of the european commission over its handling of bse , or `` mad cow '' disease .
royal dutch\/shell oil group announced the best annual results in its history on thursday , with a #### net profit of #.## billion pounds sterling -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- , up a hefty ## percent from #### , and net sales of ##.## billion pounds , up ## percent .
the us-south african binational commission holds its third session sunday and monday under us vice president al gore and south african deputy president thabo mbeki with the trade imbalance between the two countries high on the agenda , officials said thursday .
polish prime minister wlodzimierz cimoszewicz will visit nato headquarters on february ## for talks with the alliance 's secretary general javier solana , nato announced thursday .
government and opposition each signalled readiness thursday to cooperate in making income tax cuts from #### , the year a general legislative election is to be held in germany .
ecuador 's deposed president abdala bucaram met with president carlos menem of argentina for a private lunch here thursday in a bid to win support for a return to power .
thirty four people are missing after a boat was shipwrecked on lake victoria , the kenyan news agency , kna , reported thursday .
norway on thursday reiterated its condemnation of the death sentence against british writer salman rushdie , after an iranian religious foundation on wednesday raised its reward for his death .
finnish telecommunications group nokia on thursday announced a ## percent drop in its profit before taxes and minorities last year to #.## billion marks -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , but a ## percent jump in fourth quarter profit thanks to increased demand for mobile telephones .
the joint us-south african commission holds its third session sunday and monday under us vice president al gore and south african deputy president thabo mbeki , with the trade imbalance between the two countries high on the agenda , officials said thursday .
the dow jones average of blue chip issues broke through the #,### barrier for the first time thursday to reach ####.## in mid-day trading .
the dow jones average of blue chip issues broke through the #,### barrier for the first time thursday to reach ####.## in mid-day trading .
russia 's upper house of parliament ordered thursday an investigation into the country 's burgeoning crime wave , the itar-tass news agency reported .
un secretary general kofi annan said thursday he regrets the dismantlement of the multinational peacekeeping force created last november for war-torn eastern zaire .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic has threatened to resign if international arbitrators award control of the disputed northern town of brcko to separatist serbs , the official bh press reported thursday .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan on thursday said the fed backs moves allowing non-banking institutions to offer banking services .
six workers were seriously injured in a powerful blast on a turkish oil tanker at a dockyard east of istanbul thursday evening , an official said .
representives of ###,### striking public workers met with a top government minister thursday as colombia 's nationwide work stoppage entered its third day .
italian prime minister romano prodi confirms , in an interview with the weekly panorama to appear on friday , that he will resign if italy does not manage to join in european monetary union .
an activist group of siemens shareholders called thursday on the management of the german electrical engineering giant to pay damages to people forced to work for the firm as slaves during the nazi regime .
bill richardson , sworn in thursday as the new us ambassador to the united nations , pledged to promote change in the world body and pay the united states ' lapsed dues .
denmarks crown prince frederik will renounce the thrown , astrologers here say , as his horoscope suggests he will follow his heart rather than his head , the mass-circulation se og <unk> reported thursday .
un chief kofi annan on thursday pledged to take disciplinary action if necessary against top officials of the international war crimes tribunal for rwanda accused of mismanagement .
us secretary of state madeleine albright said thursday recent revelations about her jewish origins have made her `` more eager '' to work on efforts to fight religious persecution .
ugandan president yoweri museveni proposed thursday that a permanent observer team be deployed along the <unk> border to check zairean allegations that ugandan troops are crossing it to fight alongside rebels .
south africans continue to support president nelson mandela but are deeply divided on who his successor should be , according to a survey published here thursday .
a mayor who made international headlines by organising a rally backing the introduction of islamic law in turkey has been charged with spreading hatred by the country 's top security court , the semi - official anatolia news agency said thursday .
president bill clinton on thursday condemned the killing of a british soldier in northern ireland and urged all parties to maintain calm .
the crew of the russian-german space mission <unk> on thursday started a series of scientific tests aboard the orbiting mir space station , the itar-tass news agency said .
us group itt has sold # million alcatel alsthom shares to an american investment fund , alcatel announced on thursday , adding that it had agreed to the deal and `` appreciates the satisfactory conditions under which its capital structure is being renewed '' .
an ##-year-old british nanny pleaded not guilty in court here thursday to the murder of a baby in her care .
a key boss in the colombian cocaine trade sought by us authorities was arrested last week in brazil , police said thursday , and <unk> face extradition to the united states .
the dow jones average of blue chip issues broke through the #,### barrier for the first time thursday but quickly fell back .
china denied a washington post report thursday alleging the justice department had uncovered evidence that the chinese embassy was involved in illegal fundraising for the democrats .
debbie rowe , the woman who gave birth to pop star michael jackson 's baby , has left cedars-sinai medical center here , a hospital spokesman said thursday .
turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash said thursday a clean-up operation has started ahead of moving settlers into a deserted greek - cypriot coastal resort evacuated during the #### turkish invasion .
german group metallgesellschaft said thursday that it has dropped its plan to acquire the ##.## percent stake in diversified german holding company <unk> held by bhf-bank .
united nations secretary-general kofi annan said thursday that a war over cyprus was unlikely , adding that he hoped for talks between greece and turkey to start `` before september .
finnish multinational amer suffered a pretax loss last year of ### million finnish marks -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- as against a profit of ### million marks -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in #### , the group announced thursday .
a ruling by international officials to award control of the disputed bosnian town of brcko to separatist serbs will contain concessions for the moslem party , the bh news agency reported thursday .
un chief kofi annan on thursday defended his reform record after six weeks in office , responding to us criticism that he was reluctant to bring in new faces and slow to implement change .
un secretary-general kofi annan on thursday denied asking former norwegian prime minister gro brundtland whether she wanted to be his deputy .
hilton hotels said it was `` disappointed '' thursday by the failure of its bid to take over itt 's non-strategic assets , and warned the owner of sheraton hotels not to undervalue its non-strategic stocks .
the holder of us rights to an abortion pill developed in france said thursday it had settled a lawsuit and the drug should be on the us market before the end of this year .
at least ## people , including ## firefighters , were seriously injured in a series of powerful blasts on a turkish oil tanker at a dockyard east of istanbul on thursday evening , a private television station reported .
united nations secretary-general kofi annan said thursday that a war over cyprus was unlikely , adding that he hoped for talks between greek and turkish cypriots to start `` before september .
police arrested two more members of the basque separatist movement eta 's political wing thursday , in an on-going clampdown on the organization 's leadership linked to a court case .
west african foreign ministers began meeting here thursday to discuss key issues linked to liberia 's peace process ahead of presidential and legislative polls slated for may .
president alberto fujimori has ordered his negotiator with rebels holding ## hostages in japan 's embassy residence to seek further talks within two days , the government announced thursday .
united nations secretary-general kofi annan said thursday that a war over cyprus was unlikely , adding that he hoped for talks between greek and turkish cypriots to start `` before september .
internet users can satisfy their thirst for knowledge of us diplomacy by sending questions to us secretary of state madeleine albright 's electronic mailbox , the state department announced thursday .
at least ## people died and ## others were wounded when a truck collided with a passenger bus east of here , authorities reported thursday .
west african foreign ministers began meeting here thursday to discuss key issues linked to liberia 's peace process ahead of presidential and legislative polls slated for may .
pope john paul ii 's visit to lebanon in mid-may will be `` purely religious , '' the holy see 's representative here said thursday .
china thursday vehemently denied that its embassy here channeled illegal foreign donations to president bill clinton 's democratic party for last year 's elections , and the white house described the claim as `` puzzling .
the vatican 's <unk> general , the jesuit priest robert graham , has died , the order announced in a communique thursday .
the dow jones blue chip index passed the #,###-point mark for the first time , closing at a record high of #,###.## thursday .
the dow jones blue chip index passed the #,###-point mark for the first time , closing at a record high of #,###.## thursday .
the cyprus parliament on thursday approved the #### defense budget of more than ### million dollars , clearing the way to buy russian ground - to-air missiles at the center of a crisis with turkey .
iranian defense minister mohammad <unk> arrived thursday in the syrian capital , on a previously unannounced visit , the official news agency sana reported .
an israeli archaeologist has angered the samaritans by parking two caravans in the west bank on their most holy site , a community leader said thursday .
a swiss citizen contested thursday the decision by the swiss government to set up a fund for the victims of the holocaust , arguing that the move was an admission of guilt .
gerry adams , president of the ira 's sinn fein political wing , on thursday described the sniper killing of a british soldier in northern ireland as `` very regrettable .
west african foreign ministers began meeting here thursday to discuss key issues linked to liberia 's peace process ahead of presidential and legislative polls slated for may .
us troops have stepped up patrols in the strategic north bosnian town of brcko ahead of an arbitration panel 's announcement on whether the town will go to serbs or moslems , the pentagon said thursday .
canadian farmland values jumped #.# percent between january and july last year , the government-owned farm credit corporation reported thursday .
cable news network said thursday it will open a bureau in the cuban capital havana next month .
president bill clinton called thursday for an investigation after a report said chinese diplomats here may have been involved in channeling political funds to the democratic party .
the netherlands government would explore ways `` to hasten '' efforts to repair bridges damaged on liberia 's highways during the just ended civil war , a dutch diplomat said here thursday .
president bill clinton on thursday said the surging us stock market should be allowed `` to take care of itself '' because us economic fundamentals are strong .
the house of representatives approved thursday the immediate release of funds for overseas birth control programs but set the condition that pro-abortion groups do n't get any of the money .
a senior north korean ideologue seeking to defect to south korea was early friday still holed up in seoul 's embassy in beijing as the drama entered its third day .
new zealand telecom corporation 's long-term rating was friday downgraded to aa from aa + by credit rating agency standard and poor 's -lrb- s and p -rrb- .
the dollar dropped against all major currencies except the pound sterling thursday as profit-taking stepped up in the climate of uncertainty created by the german central bank .
the dow jones blue chip index passed the #,###-point mark for the first time thursday , closing at a record high of #,###.## points .
canadian mineral production increased by ##.# percent in #### , compared to #### , to ##.# billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion us -rrb- , the department of natural resources said thursday .
the united states on thursday dispatched a senior official to rome for talks with european partners ahead of a much-awaited announcement on control of the bosnian town of brcko .
president bill clinton pledged thursday to take israel 's security concerns into account when he decides whether to sell f-## fighter planes to saudi arabia .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu voiced concerns thursday about a proposed sale of us f-## fighters to saudi arabia despite us promises to maintain the jewish state 's military superiority .
president bill clinton said thursday he was `` hopeful '' that israel and syria can resume peace talks following a meeting here with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .
the main players in a major battle for control over a massive indonesian gold mine appeared uncertain thursday on how the high stakes bidding will go .
a delegation of south korean lawmakers on thursday urged the international community to demand the cancellation of a deal providing for taiwan to export nuclear waste to north korea for treatment .
seventeen people were wounded when police fired tear gas and live bullets to disperse #,### youths who threatened to burn down the central post office here , a medical source said thursday about the incidents a day before .
britain is to sponsor a stand at an energy fair in tehran to promote british firms seeking to invest in the country 's oil and gas industry , despite us legislation that would impose sanctions on foreign companies investing in iran .
un sanctions committee experts agreed on proposals thursday aimed at speeding up the approval of food contracts under an oil-for-food arrangement with iraq , western diplomats said here .
the house of lords voted thursday to amend a government bill to introduce mandatory sentences for certain crimes in cases involving repeat offenders .
south korean foreign minister yoo chong-ha began a meeting here friday with chinese counterpart qian qichen to discuss the fate of top-level north korean defector holed up at the south korean embassy in beijing .
south korean foreign minister yoo chong-ha began a meeting here friday with chinese counterpart qian qichen to discuss the fate of top-level north korean defector holed up at the south korean embassy in beijing .
a senior north korean ideologue seeking to defect to south korea was early friday still holed up in seoul 's closely-guarded embassy in beijing as the drama entered its third day .
us officials have asked havana to confirm that six cubans who sought to enter the us illegally received jail terms ranging from eight to ## years , the us state department said thursday .
the proposed promotion of southwestern china 's chongqing to a province-level municipality is the top issue to be discussed next week by leaders of the country 's parliament , the official xinhua news agency reported friday .
the damaged relations between the world jewish community and switzerland improved dramatically as leaders of the two sides met thursday at a sensitive new york state assembly hearing .
more than ## people , most of them migrant workers , were killed when the bus they were traveling on caught fire on an expressway in southern china 's guangdong province , it was reported friday .
supermarkets in eastern australia began clearing their shelves of biscuits made by the country 's leading biscuit manufacturer friday after police warned of an extortion threat to poison its products .
negotiations with aboriginal groups on the development of the world 's largest zinc mine by global miner rtz-cra collapsed friday .
south korean foreign minister yoo chong-ha ended a meeting here friday with his chinese counterpart qian qichen during which they discussed the fate of top-level north korean defector .
consolidated turnover of the french insurance giant <unk> rose to ###.# billion francs -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- last year , the group announced early friday .
us auto giant chrysler corp. has signed a licensing and technical agreement for its cars and vans to be assembled in the philippines , a government trade official said here friday .
progress in talks on the future of east timor is possible now that the troubled territory has gained greater world attention , un secretary general kofi annan said thursday .
the philippines ' trade deficit shrank ## percent from a year earlier to ### million dollars in december , #### , the national statistics office -lrb- nso -rrb- said here friday .
spanish authorities warned thursday night they would deal `` very firmly '' with a truckers ' strike which has paralysed northern spain and is now spreading southwards .
human rights group amnesty international is among campaigners who have signed a letter to prime minister john major calling for a fresh investigation into the #### bloody sunday massacre in northern ireland , it emerged thursday .
one of australia 's most powerful aboriginal leaders snubbed a key native title meeting with prime minister john howard friday , accusing him of lacking leadership .
china 's prison population numbered #.# million by the end of last year -- a jump of ###,### from the figure released in june -- justice minister xiao yang was quoted as saying friday .
one of australia 's most powerful aboriginal leaders snubbed a key native title meeting with prime minister john howard friday , accusing him of lacking leadership .
china and south korea have started negotiations over hwang jang-yop , the highest-level north korean official to defect to the south , south korean diplomats said .
china and south korea have started negotiations friday over hwang jang-yop , the highest-level north korean official to defect to the south , south korean diplomats said .
indonesian police said friday they were holding more than ### people for questioning over new unrest in east timor .
share prices in taiwan closed #.# percent lower friday due to profit - taking following eight consecutive winning sessions , brokers said .
factional fighting between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties has cut the country 's major north-south highway in at least one place , officials and aid workers said friday .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower friday with little positive news to bolster the market , analysts said .
pop-star elton john has canceled two concerts here to mark hong kong 's return to china after a proposal that fans should wear headphones to keep the noise down , officials said friday .
share prices in taiwan finished #.# percent lower friday as investors locked away profits following eight consecutive winning sessions .
tension remains high in the indonesian province of west kalimantan where the authorities have arrested ## people over ethnic clashes that have left several hundred dead , reports said friday .
share prices in taiwan are expected to post limited gains in the week ahead as investors turn cautious after pushing the market to its highest level in almost seven years , brokers said .
asian central bank governors met here friday to discuss asset price inflation and measures to prevent property markets in the booming region from overheating , officials said .
thousands of people attended the funeral friday of slain roman catholic bishop benjamin de jesus which went ahead in the moslem dominated southern town of jolo amidst tight security .
a roman catholic bishop and three other people were killed after their plane crashed just after they attended the funeral of a murdered bishop in this southern city friday , the military said .
factional fighting between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties has cut the country 's main north-south road artery , officials and aid workers said friday .
foreign ministers of the european union and the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- called for greater economic cooperation despite political differences as they ended their two-day meeting friday .
south korean banks are being charged a `` korea premium '' on their borrowings following the widening hanbo loan scandal and a shock defection of north korea 's top ideologue , officials said friday .
a roman catholic bishop and three other people were killed after their plane crashed just after attending the funeral of a murdered bishop in this southern town friday , the military said .
the solicitor of sinn fein leader gerry adams accused australia here friday of bowing to british pressure by refusing to let adams into the country .
australia 's pacific dunlop ltd. said friday net profit fell ##.# percent from a year earlier to ##.# million australian dollars -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- in the six months to december ## .
the military headquarters of ethnic karen rebels at <unk> fallen to burmese government forces , a thai military officer said friday .
new zealand share prices closed #.# percent lower friday , pulled down by telecom corp. following the company 's downgrading by credit rating agency standard and poor 's .
the military headquarters of ethnic karen rebels near the thai border has been overrun by burmese government forces , a thai military officer said friday .
two us astronauts aboard the shuttle discovery suited up and stepped into the void of space late thursday to begin servicing and upgrading the hubble space telescope .
the dollar held firm against the yen and mark in mid-afternoon trading here friday with its value moving in a narrow range amid a lack of fresh leads , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower on friday with little positive news to bolster the market , analysts said .
cambodia 's queen norodom monineath sihanouk on friday laid the first stone for a new ###-million-dollar international airport terminal here .
about ### captains of industries from southeast asian countries are to meet in jakarta next month to draw up plans to boost economic growth in the region , an indonesian official said friday .
a private twin-engine plane with six people on board is missing and feared crashed , aviation officials said here friday .
new york-based moody 's investors service is to review thailand 's sovereign credit rating for a possible downgrade amid concerns about its economy , according to a statement received here friday .
australian biscuit maker arnotts ltd. said friday net profit fell ## percent from a year earlier to #.# million dollars -lrb- #.# million us -rrb- in the six months to december ## .
emigration from hong kong fell #.# percent in #### from a year earlier to ##,### people , a government official said friday .
australian share prices lost steam in afternoon trading , closing #.# percent down as profit-takers moved in ahead of the weekend , brokers said .
china has discovered its first case of a <unk> man in the southeastern province of fujian , it was reported friday .
namibian president sam nujoma began a five-day state visit to india aimed at boosting bilateral relations , officials said .
archaelogists have uncovered a well-preserved #,### year-old tomb in eastern china that was built for an empress during the five dynasties period , xinhua reported friday .
australia 's diversified industrial group pacific dunlop ltd. posted an expected fall in half-year net profit friday but predicted its full year result would exceed that of the previous year .
the philippines ' ayala corp. said friday consolidated net profit ##.# percent from a year earlier to #.## billion pesos -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in #### .
police in the indonesian province of west timor have arrested ## youths from neighbouring east timor for attacking a police post following a row with one officer , a report said friday .
india 's financial markets regulator called friday for the country 's nationalised insurance sector to be opened up to domestic and foreign private insurers .
a ship carrying nuclear waste to japan met international safety standards , giving the australian government no reason for protest , foreign affairs minister alexander downer said friday .
the philippines ' ayala corp. said friday consolidated net profit rose ##.# percent from a year earlier to #.## billion pesos -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in #### .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher friday with the nikkei stock average rising on purchases of international blue chips due to the dollar 's firmness against the yen , brokers said .
as factional fighting in cambodia 's northwest spread friday and increased political tension in the capital , diplomats here expressed concern at an anonymous threat against foreigners , businessmen and government officials .
a bangladeshi police officer was suspended from duty and taken into custody for allegedly sexually assaulting a ##-year-old boy in northeastern kishoreganj district , a report said friday .
australian publisher john fairfax holdings ltd. said friday net profit fell ##.# percent from a year earlier to ##.## million australian dollars -lrb- ## million us -rrb- in the six months to december .
the vietnamese government affirmed friday its will to maintain a dialogue with china on vietnamese illegal immigration into southern chinese provinces , which beijing says has led to a rise in crime , including arms trafficking and prostitution .
an italian closely linked to former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi friday denied taking bribes in a #.#-billion-dollar scandal .
factional fighting between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties cut the country 's main north-south road artery friday , officials and aid workers said here .
thai share prices plunged #.# percent in morning trade friday in a `` st valentine 's massacre '' as the bourse was rocked by gloomy reports from moody 's investors service , brokers said .
a subsidiary of siemens ag of germany and a us firm have signed an agreement to build a ###-megawatt gas turbine power plant in the northern philippine free port of subic bay , it was announced here friday .
japanese share prices rose friday for the fourth straight day with the key market barometer closing #.# percent higher on bargain-hunting , brokers said .
food and soft drinks manufacturer coca cola amatil ltd. said friday net profit rose #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ###.# million us -rrb- in calendar #### .
profit takers moved in friday to help push australian shares down #.# percent after a week which saw record highs .
an indonesian student group will take legal action against a moslem leader for accusing it of inciting a riot in which four people died in west java province , a report said friday .
the rand was trading sharply down against the dollar friday , opening at #.#### \/ ## after thursday 's close of #.#### \/ ## to the greenback .
the indonesian government on friday warned two canadian mining companies to quickly agree on terms for developing a large gold deposit or risk losing the project .
share prices on the korea stock exchange closed #.# percent firmer friday on improved sentiment about the outlook for the economy , brokers said .
china 's shadow parliament for hong kong , widely opposed by britain and the pro-democracy camp here , is likely to hold all its meetings on the mainland , the controversial body 's president said friday .
share prices on the korea stock exchange closed #.# percent firmer friday on improved sentiment about the outlook for the economy , brokers said .
three children were killed after a hand grenade they were playing with exploded , a philippine police report said friday .
bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wajed left here for new delhi friday to participate in a conference jointly hosted by india and the inter-parliamentary union -lrb- ipu -rrb- .
two sets of antique stamp collections , worth some ###,### hong kong dollars -lrb- ##,### us -rrb- were reported missing at hong kong 's largest stamp fair yet , a police spokesman said friday .
official data is likely to show that the indonesian economy grew by at least #.# percent in calendar #### , minister of national development planning <unk> kartasasmita said friday .
australia 's food and soft drinks maker coca cola amatil ltd. said friday net profit rose #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ###.# million us -rrb- in calendar #### .
three sudanese war planes bombed the northern ugandan town of moyo on thursday killing a woman , the state-owned new vision newspaper reported friday .
sri lanka 's main opposition party on friday suspended an mp wanted over the assassination of a ruling party legislator while police arrested seven other suspects .
hong kong police friday said they would throw a security cordon around the venue for the territory 's formal return to chinese rule several weeks before the ceremony takes place .
the indonesian economy grew by at least #.# percent in #### , according to a forecast given friday by minister of national development planning <unk> kartasasmita .
australian publisher john fairfax holdings ltd. said friday its net profit after abnormals fell ##.# percent from a year earlier to ##.### million australian dollars -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- in the six months to december ## .
north korean defector hwang jang-yop remained under virtual siege in the south korean embassy here friday , as beijing and seoul negotiated the fate of the most senior official ever to flee pyongyang .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent lower friday despite the record closing high on wall street , dealers said .
a majority of israelis think jewish militants who killed arabs should be freed from jail following the release this week of ## palestinian women held for anti-israeli attacks , according to a poll published friday .
an italian closely linked to former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi friday denied taking bribes in a #.#-billion-dollar scandal .
australia said friday it was standing firm on its policy of recognizing indonesian sovereignty over east timor while backing un efforts to find a solution for the troubled territory .
hong kong share prices fell #.# percent on friday on foreign selling , despite a record closing high on wall street , dealers said .
thai share prices plunged #.# percent in morning trade friday in a `` st. valentine 's massacre '' as the bourse was rocked by gloomy reports from moody 's investors service , brokers said .
the british royal yacht britannia arrived friday in dubai where it will host trade talks between british and government officials here in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- .
south korean prosecutors on friday said they were wrapping up the investigation of the hanbo <unk> scandal , triggering cover-up claims from the opposition .
hong kong 's share market is expected to remain cautious after slumping #.# percent in the past week amid rumors about the health of china 's paramount leader deng xiaoping , dealers said friday .
gold closed lower here friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the dollar held firm against the yen and mark in tokyo friday with its value moving in a narrow range amid a lack of fresh leads , dealers said .
the dollar held firm against the yen and mark in tokyo friday with its value moving in a narrow range amid a lack of fresh leads , dealers said .
the main un refugee agency has pulled its staff out of tajikistan and moved to tashkent in neighbouring uzbekistan , a unhcr spokesman told interfax news agency friday .
the indonesian police issued a second summons to ousted opposition party leader megawati sukarnoputri and her husband taufik <unk> , reports said friday .
australian share prices could be hurt by any correction on wall street in the week ahead but are robust enough to rebound , brokers said friday .
a dark armored vehicle belonging to china 's security forces pulled up friday afternoon in front of the south korean consular building where a top-level north korean defector is holed up , an afp reporter said .
russian president boris yeltsin , who is still recovering from double pneumonia , friday rejected demands for constitutional change , in his first radio address since being hospitalised last month .
personal computer sales growth in asia excluding japan is expected to ease to ## percent this year after soaring ## percent in #### , us market research firm dataquest said friday .
amnesty international friday said it would launch a worldwide campaign to stop the first execution in the philippines in two decades , as manila prepares to put a convicted rapist to death .
druze residents of the golan heights held a general strike and protest marches friday in an annual demonstration against israel 's annexation of the plateau .
bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wajed arrived here friday to participate in a five-day conference on the role of women in politics , officials said .
ailing mother teresa believes the missionaries of charity will flourish despite her decision to stand down as head of the order , a priest said here friday .
japan 's prime minister ryutaro hashimoto received an unexpected gift friday -- a chocolate cake marking saint valentine 's day from six female reporters assigned to the prime minister 's beat .
vietnam 's legislative elections will be held on july ## and the next national assembly , to function until #### , may have more members , an official spokesman said friday .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent lower friday as investors locked away profits on key blue chips after two days of sharp gains , brokers said .
prime minister john howard held a three-hour round table meeting friday on native title to land but little progress was reported on the vexed issue .
swedish carmaker volvo will sell its shareholding in beverage company pripps <unk> to norwegian food and agricultural group orkla for #.# billion kronor -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , volvo said on friday .
seven indian police officers were suspended friday after being accused of blinding detainees to extract confessions , the press trust of india said .
thai share prices closed #.# percent firmer friday on bargain hunting after sharp morning losses on news that moody 's investors service might downgrade thailand 's sovereign debt , analysts said .
new york-based moody 's investors service is to review thailand 's sovereign credit rating for a possible downgrade amid concerns about the economy , according to a statement received here friday .
the bosnian serbs will retain control of the disputed northern bosnian town of brcko while it is under international supervision for a year , the bosnian croat member of an international commission on the town has said , according to reports published friday .
the bodies of three egyptians , including two coptic christians , were found friday near a southern town where nine copts were killed this week in a moslem militant attack on a church .
members of the five-nation contact group on bosnia were meeting here friday with members of the arbitration commission that was later to announce its decision on the status of the disputed bosnian town of brcko .
the slovak parliament agreed on friday by ## votes to ## to hold a referendum to decide whether the country should join nato .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent lower friday as investors locked away profits on key blue chips after two days of sharp gains .
russian president boris yeltsin , who is still recovering from double pneumonia , friday rejected demands for constitutional change , in his first radio address since being hospitalised last month .
qatar on friday invited bahrain to give its response to a draft accord for defusing tensions over a territorial dispute between the two gulf neighbors .
chinese police intensified security around the south korean mission where a top north korean defector has taken refuge , even searching a south korean diplomatic car as it left the building , an afp reporter said .
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower friday on profit-taking among selected heavyweight stocks , dealers said .
cambodia 's highest-ranking military officials arrived here friday in an emergency effort to quell factional fighting between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties .
rubber futures prices in singapore ended lower friday on smaller turnover , dealers said .
the philippines on friday vowed to take steps to protect malaysian investments following the scrapping of a malaysian company 's winning bid for a luxury philippine hotel .
india plans to set up a panel of experts to try to solve the country 's urgent infrastructure funding crisis , an official said friday .
one of bucharest 's biggest squares has been renamed charles de gaulle square in honor of the former french leader , ahead of a visit of current french president jacques chirac next week , city authorities said .
some #,### zairean refugees arrived overnight in zambia bringing the total number of refugees who have fled here from strife-torn eastern zaire to #,### , the zambian red cross society said friday .
thai share prices rose #.# percent friday after recovering from sharp morning losses caused by news that moody 's investors service might downgrade thailand 's sovereign debt , analysts said .
the international road transport union on friday denounced the week - long strike by truck drivers in northern spain saying it was seriously affecting international trade .
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower friday as investors locked away profits on heavyweight stocks .
shares here rose on the wings of a record showing on wall street overnight , dealers said friday .
floods have left ##,### families from mozambique and malawi homeless , authorities said friday .
beijing strongly denied friday a newspaper report that its us embassy had donated money to president bill clinton 's election campaign .
twenty-six people , including ## firefighters , were injured in a series of powerful blasts aboard a turkish oil tanker at a dockyard east of istanbul , hospital sources said friday .
a bomb alert was raised friday at a court in this austrian town where a ##-year-old woman is standing trial on charges of poisoning her husband , judicial sources said .
azerbaijani president geidar aliyev praised nato efforts to reinforce european security after a meeting thursday with alliance secretary general javier solana , who was rounding off a tour of former soviet republics .
japanese share prices rose friday for the fourth straight day while most other major asia-pacific bourses closed lower despite a record - breaking performance on wall street .
slovakia 's parliament agreed friday by ## votes to ## to hold a referendum to decide whether the country should join nato .
security forces have arrested ## people following violent clashes between ethnic groups which have left hundreds dead and caused thousands to flee in the indonesian province of west kalimantan , reports said friday .
nine people were killed when explosives stored in a house in southern india went off friday , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported .
china stepped up security friday around the south korean consular building where a top north korean defector has taken refuge even searching a south korean diplomatic car as it left , an afp reporter saw .
cambodia 's highest-ranking military officials arrived here friday in an emergency effort to quell factional fighting between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties .
some ##,### moslem refugees from the disputed bosnian town of brcko planned to demonstrate friday near their hometown hours ahead of a decision on future of the town , croatian radio said .
the giant french industrial firm lyonnaise des eaux hopes to expand operations in cambodia , possibly including a politically sensitive development at the angkor wat temple complex , company officials said friday .
china 's tax collectors are itching for new legislation to allow them to enforce an inheritance tax , a senior chinese tax consultant said friday .
japan has told the united states it will consider easing foreign investment in its telecommunications market only if other industrial nations do the same , a top government spokesman said friday .
a delegation of french parliamentarians on a goodwill mission to new zealand was quizzed by representatives of local political parties here friday but could give no assurances about the route of a ship carrying nuclear waste between france and japan .
palestinian leader yasser arafat met with his top negotiators friday to prepare for the next round of negotiations with israel , due to begin sunday near jerusalem .
opposition social democrat leader oskar lafontaine and chancellor helmut kohl are to meet on february ## to discuss reform of the german tax system , the spd announced friday .
the jakarta bourse is expected to perform strongly in the week ahead after three days of solid trading pushed the composite index #.# percent higher , analysts said friday .
the jakarta bourse is expected to perform strongly in the week ahead after three days of solid trading pushed the composite index #.# percent higher , analysts said friday .
japanese share prices are expected to remain firm following a #.# percent rally in the past week after government officials vowed to support the banking sector .
syrian president hafez al-assad is to send an `` important '' message to his egyptian counterpart , hosni mubarak , concerning the peace process with israel , a senior official said here friday .
the european union and russia will hold a summit in moscow on march # , the spokesman of the european commission said here friday .
three doctors charged with culpable homicide following claims they transplanted a pig 's heart into a man 's body could be at the center of an organ transplant racket , a court heard here friday .
the british trade unions ' umbrella group , the tuc , on friday launched a million-pound -lrb- #.##-million-dollar -rrb- campaign to press for workers ' rights , as national elections approach within eleven weeks .
sudanese war planes have bombed a northern ugandan town , killing one woman , the ugandan government said here friday , in the most serious yet accusation made by kampala against the khartoum regime .
united nations high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata -lrb- unhcr -rrb- arrived here friday to visit zairean refugees displaced by fighting in eastern zaire .
mutinous lesotho policemen tightened their grip on this tiny mountain kingdom friday , with the armed rebels increasing their presence on the streets of the capital .
iraq accused the united states on friday of slowing the delivery of provisions and medications into the country , two months after the conclusion of a un oil-for-food agreement .
indian-born british author salman rushdie on friday bitterly slammed european union governments for placing trade with iran above efforts to force teheran to lift an islamic death sentence from his head .
several hundred palestinians and israeli peace activists joined forces friday to protest over israel 's confiscation of a large tract of land near this palestinian-run town .
inflation slowed in israel last month due to the effects of a general economic slowdown in the country and a seasonal fall in produce prices , the government 's statistics office reported friday .
indian detectives have arrived in malaysia to question an italian associate of former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi in connection with a #.#-billion-dollar arms scandal , officials said friday .
thai share prices rode a roller coaster friday , plunging #.# percent in morning trade on gloomy reports from moody 's investors service but ending up #.# percent after bargain hunters moved in .
visiting estonian president lennart meri said friday his country could join nato in two stages , first through membership of a northern european security system `` in contact '' with the atlantic alliance and then full nato membership .
sporting goods manufacturers and labor groups have joined in a campaign to fight the sale of soccer balls stitched by children in pakistan , the new york times said friday .
lightning forced a suspension of play with only ## of the ### players having completed their second round of the ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### dollar -rrb- dimension data pro-am here friday .
after almost ## years of battling the central government in rangoon from the jungles of eastern burma , the karen national union -lrb- knu -rrb- is the last of the country 's major rebel movements .
swiss authorities have seized ## million swiss francs ' -lrb- ten million dollars -rrb- worth of fake money , the public prosecutor 's office announced friday .
up to #,### people took to the streets of the troubled albanian port of vlore friday for the ##th consecutive day of anti-government demonstrations .
the indian state of maharashtra has made a strong bid to attract five billion dollars of foreign funds , officials said friday .
the malaysian bourse is expected to be traded mixed next week with focus on cheaper stocks and selective bluechips following a #.# percent rise in the holiday-shortened week to friday .
opposition social democrat leader oskar lafontaine and chancellor helmut kohl are to meet on february ## to discuss reform of the german tax system , the spd announced friday .
seven indian police officers accused of blinding prison detainees to extract confessions were suspended friday , the press trust of india reported , amid growing condemnation of the incident .
ten labourers were killed by an explosion while digging a well in southern india friday , police said .
thai share prices are likely to be affected in the coming week by unresolved problems facing the country 's already battered economy , brokers said .
china intensified security friday around the south korean consular department in beijing , where the most senior official to flee north korea has taken refuge , as high-level talks over his fate dragged on .
an armed group stormed a cambodian regional police headquarters here friday just before top military officials arrived in an attempt to quell factional fighting , officials said .
the amnesty international rights group friday condemned the alleged blinding of seven indian detainees while in police custody .
share prices closed #.# percent higher on the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- friday on buying by foreign investors and due to short-covering by traders , dealers said .
coalminers , their families and supporters mounted a massive demonstration friday in the ruhr valley to defend the region 's industrial heart and soul .
thousands of anti-government protesters clashed briefly with police in the southern albanian town of <unk> on friday before law and order forces broke up the crowd of demonstrators , witness said .
the european commission on friday pressed spain to to compensate the foreign hauliers who have been hit by a truckers ' strike that has paralysed the north of the country .
turkish cypriots have yet to decide on whether to resettle the evacuated greek-cypriot resort of varosha on the divided island , a spokesman for turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash said friday .
the frankfurt stock market climbed on friday to its ##th straight record closing high , hyped up by the wall street feat on thursday of pushing the dow jones over the #,###-point mark , traders said .
indian prime minister h.d. deve gowda friday offered the hand of friendship to pakistan and said both countries had suffered because of their bitter rivalry over disputed kashmir .
the london stock market posted a firm gain in the first half of the friday session in very quiet trading to move above the record levels reached on thursday , traders said in early afternoon .
the government friday promised the private sector a bigger role in south africa 's transport system , saying it will transfer some road construction , permit issuing and rail operations to private hands .
diversified norwegian group orkla posted a ## percent rise in pre-tax profit to #.## billion kroner -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , owing to positive financial investments and strong branded consumer goods divisions , orkla said on friday .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind urged china in talks here friday to preserve human rights guarantees in hong kong and warned of the impact of a provisional legislature set up by beijing .
the bodies of three coptic christians , believed to have been killed by islamic militants , were found friday near a southern town where nine copts were massacred in church earlier this week , police said .
a soldier was trampled to death when a herd of elephant stormed a military base in south africa 's famed kruger national park , the defense force said friday .
romantic thais are contributing to a ###-million-baht -lrb- ##-million - dollar -rrb- industry by splashing out on valentine cards and flowers every year , a research center said friday .
defense minister joe modise on friday announced `` sweeping changes '' in the south african defense establishment , starting with a reshuffle of the top echelons .
former sudanese prime minister sadeq al-mahdi says his alliance with former foe john garang against the khartoum government is a last ditch attempt to rescue sudan from bitter internal conflict .
producer prices fell #.# percent in january and the core rate , which excludes food and energy , was unchanged , the labor department said friday .
the leader of the iranian-backed hezbollah in lebanon praised saudi arabia on friday for `` refusing to accept us accusations '' against his group in the deadly bombing of a us facility in the gulf kingdom .
the political leader of the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- , mussa abu marzuk , warned israel on friday he would refuse to cooperate if extradited from his us prison .
italy 's northern league party opened its third party congress friday in milan , the proposed capital of its putative breakaway state , padania .
us business inventories fell #.# percent in december , the commerce department reported friday .
saudi arabia on friday warned moslems not to bring political materials into the country on the annual haj pilgrimage to the holy city of mecca , which begins in april .
south africa 's tourist industry boomed in #### with more than #.# million foreigners visiting the country despite its <unk> for violent crime , tourism minister pallo jordan said friday .
cambodia 's highest-ranking military officials met here friday in an emergency effort to quell factional fighting between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties .
banque generale du luxembourg -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , a subsidiary of generale de banque in brussels , said friday it posted a consolidated net profit for financial #### of #.## billion luxembourg francs , up more than ## percent from financial #### .
the united nations urged sweden on friday not to expel an iranian dissident seeking asylum in stockholm as the activist would likely be mistreated on his return to tehran by iranian authorities .
south africa on friday rejected criticism of a deal to sell arms to syria because it was opposed by israel , saying no objections were raised when tel aviv bought weapons abroad .
environmental protesters poured <unk> sludge from the south wales coast onto tarpaulins on the pavement outside the british department of transport friday to mark the first anniversary of the sea empress oil spill .
the israeli commission set up investigate the helicopter crash that killed ## soldiers said on friday it has yet to discover the cause of the accident , the worst in the country 's military history .
south african president nelson mandela arrived in mozambique on friday for discussions with president joaquim chissano on regional security issues and the great lakes crisis .
iraqi president saddam hussein 's wheelchair-bound son uday was elected head of iraq 's journalists ' union on friday .
ejup ganic , vice-president of the moslem-croat federation -- one of post-war bosnia 's two entities -- gave a cautious welcome friday to a decision to place the disputed town of brcko under international supervision for a year .
namibian president sam nujoma called on indian businessmen friday to invest in the southern african state .
us producer prices fell #.# percent in january and the core rate , which excludes food and energy , was unchanged , the labor department said friday .
the pro-independence kanak socialist liberation front -lrb- flnks -rrb- friday refused to sign an agreement which would have seen the transfer of a nickel mine to part of the territory they govern .
us industrial output was unchanged in january , the federal reserve said friday .
zimbabwe slashed import tariffs on raw materials friday in a long - awaited move designed to boost local industry , while at the same time taking protectionist measures against cheap imported goods .
the crippling eight-day-old strike by spanish truckers threatened to spread to <unk> drivers and taxis as spain faced road chaos on friday .
indian detectives in malaysia friday issued warrants for the arrest of an italian associate of former indian premier rajiv gandhi in connection with a #.#-billion-dollar arms scandal .
police on friday were set to question five suspects in connection with the murder of jose luis cabezas , an investigative journalist whose death sparked a national outcry .
police have arrested ## alleged shining path guerrillas in a series of raids in peru 's northwest , police sources said .
the disputed bosnian town of brcko is to remain for now in serb hands and be placed under international supervision , arbitrators announced here friday , putting off for one year a final decision on the explosive issue .
the opposition social democrats led by oskar lafontaine and chancellor helmut kohl 's ruling coalition friday agreed a summit meeting for february ## to discuss reform of the german tax system .
the crippling eight-day-old strike by spanish truckers threatened to spread to <unk> drivers and taxis friday despite a government decision to meet one of the strikers ' key demands .
french filmmaker claude lelouch is mixing business with pleasure in a swirl of promotional publicity for the film `` <unk> , femmes , mode <unk> '' or `` men , women , instructions '' , due to open here sunday .
a senior russian official confirmed friday that moscow would go ahead with a project to help india build a nuclear power plant , despite us pressure to scrap the deal .
nepal 's parliament is to open its winter session soon , with the communist parties expected make a fresh bid at ousting the nepali congress government through a no-confidence motion .
a moderate catholic mp from northern ireland and relatives of victims of the #### bloody sunday massacre friday gave the british government what they called new evidence <unk> a fresh investigation into the event .
the finnish government on friday presented a proposal to parliament making punishments for sexual crimes and pornography more severe as part of a wholesale reform of the finnish penal code .
the united nation 's disarmament conference succeeded friday in setting an agenda for future talks on nuclear weapons and anti-personnel mines , though significant obstacles still lie ahead for negotiators , the body 's president said .
russia 's population is decreasing by one million a year because of a falling birth rate coupled with a rising death rate , deputy health minister alexander <unk> , said friday .
students in burkina faso went on strike for a second successive day on friday after failing to reach a compromise with the authorities , journalists here said .
china intensified security friday around the south korean consular department in beijing , where the most senior official to flee north korea has taken refuge , as high-level talks over his fate dragged on .
the government and leaders of some ###,### striking public workers emerged from ## hours of talks early friday without an agreement to end the four-day-old work stoppage .
a ##-year-old rightwing extremist accused of triple murder friday admitted shooting dead a former party comrade whom he considered a traitor to the neo-nazi cause .
turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash on friday renewed a warning that he would send settlers into the abandoned resort town of varosha if greek cypriots deploy russian-made missiles on the divided island .
russian real gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- rose by #.# percent in january from the year-earlier month , the first year-on-year rise since the start of economic reforms in january #### , the state statistics committee announced on friday as quoted by interfax news agency .
the united nation 's disarmament conference succeeded friday in setting an agenda for future talks on nuclear weapons and anti-personnel mines , though significant obstacles still lie ahead for negotiators , the body 's president said .
a top bosnian croat said friday that the decision to place brcko under international supervision for one year would allow the situation to normalise further , but any final decision must be based on justice .
management on friday gave way to some of the demands of strikers who have disrupted public transport in french provincial cities for a week , but trade unions were split on the management offer .
tropical cyclone <unk> left ### people dead and thousands homeless when it struck southern madagascar more than two weeks ago , according to a government toll .
us envoy john kornblum was expected to arrive later friday in sarajevo for talks with bosnian leaders on the decision to bring the disputed northern town of brcko under temporary international supervision , us officials said .
a ##-year-old rightwing extremist accused of triple murder friday admitted shooting dead a former party comrade whom he considered a traitor to the neo-nazi cause .
a french engineer working for the oil company elf has been shot dead in the southern region of port harcourt , the company said here friday .
italy 's centre-right government approved a draft law friday that gives more immigrants the right to vote but toughens measures to combat illegal immigration .
all seven adult kangaroos in the moscow zoo and two of their babies were bitten to death by a dog or dogs this week , the daily moskovsky komsomolets reported friday .
mayor richard daley has virtually dashed hopes that chicago will bid to host the #### <unk> and said that the city will instead aim for the #### pan american games .
share prices were slightly lower in early trading friday as investors engaged in profit-taking .
more than ##,### students demonstrated in front of a university campus friday after police earlier prevented them marching to the home of serbian president slobodan milosevic .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma sacked agriculture minister anatoly <unk> and his deputy transport minister on friday , the interfax news agency reported .
intel corporation of the united states , the world 's largest computer chip manufacturer , is to make a #.# billion dollar equity investment in a plant operated by samsung , the south korean electronics giant said friday .
the united states must help stop a feverish middle east arms race involving iran , iraq and syria , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said here friday .
burmese police and soldiers have seized more than ### kilos -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of raw opium in the country 's northeastern region and arrested three presumed traffickers , official radio reported late friday .
sales by eurotunnel , operator of the cross-channel tunnel , surged by ## percent last year to hit almost # billion francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , the group announced on friday .
several hundred french university lecturers , researchers and human rights activists on friday joined a campaign against the conservative government 's anti-immigration laws , perceived as racist .
police said friday they arrested a man in belfast after the discovery of bomb-making materials in the city 's catholic markets sector thursday night .
the dollar made gains against leading currencies in early trading friday except against the yen .
swedish automaker saab automobile fell back into the red last year with an after-tax loss of #.## billion kronor -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , after having broken even in #### , it announced on friday .
are you someone who does n't know what to give your valentine ? a company that advertises on internet recommends `` the kissing machine .
the record number of foreigners visiting canada last year included a rising number of asian visitors , according to government figures released friday .
a catholic priest of the warri diocese in nigeria 's southern delta state was expelled for disobedience , insubordination and racial attitudes , newspapers here reported friday .
the mozambican government and the united nations development programme signed two new cooperation agreements in maputo on friday under which the undp will provide mozambique with #.# million dollars for rural road rehabilitation and environment protection programs .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said friday he told president bill clinton he will do everything necessary to ensure that jerusalem remains undivided and under israeli sovereignty .
zimbabwe slashed import tariffs on raw materials friday in a long - awaited move designed to boost local industry , while at the same time taking protectionist measures against cheap imported goods .
world bank president james wolfensohn on friday praised the south african government 's commitment to accelerated growth in its macro - economic planning .
an arab-israeli villager was killed and three others injured on friday after a road rage incident sparked clashes between rival clans west of jerusalem , police said .
some ###,### coalminers , their families and supporters mounted a massive demonstration in the ruhr valley friday to save the country 's industrial heart and soul from the threat of lower public subsidies for german coal production .
a rwandan warcrimes court on friday sentenced to death <unk> <unk> , the most notorious defendant yet to go on trial for warcrimes following the country 's #### genocide , rwandan radio said .
the decision by an arbitration panel to place the key northeastern bosnian town of brcko under international supervision for a year effectively puts it under the control of one all-powerful official .
some ##,### venezuelan oil workers stopped work for eight hours friday , paralyzing activities throughout the north-western state of zulia , the heart of the oil industry , officials reported .
stuck for ## days in japan 's embassy residence , hostages are fighting boredom with folk dance lessons and the odd french class , red cross officials say .
the israeli commission set up investigate the helicopter crash that killed ## soldiers said on friday it has yet to discover the cause of the accident , the worst in the country 's military history .
eleven people were killed and ## others wounded during heavy factional fighting in the somali capital friday , witnesses said .
russia signalled for the first time friday that it was ready to discuss a total ban on anti-personnel mines , sources said here on the third day of talks on outlawing the deadly weapons .
german prosecutors said friday that top iranian leaders were behind the assassination of four kurdish iranian opposition figures in a repeat of allegations which have severely strained relations between the two countries .
stuck for ## days in japan 's embassy residence , hostages are fighting boredom with folk dance lessons and the odd french class , red cross officials say .
tanzania 's high court has ordered police and immigration officials to stop harrassing the former owner of rwanda 's largest private oil company who was freed after being secretly detained here .
britain friday said iran 's opposition to the middle east peace process , its development of weapons of mass destruction and its support of terrorism made normal bilateral relations `` still impossible .
intel corporation of the united states , the world 's largest computer chip manufacturer , is to make an equity investment in a #.# billion dollar plant under construction here by samsung , the south korean electronics giant said friday .
international arbitrators put off friday for one year a final decision on who should control the strategic northern bosnian town of brcko , which remains in serb hands under international supervision .
diplomatic sparks were flying between britain and nigeria friday night after nigeria apparently failed to make good its promise to release a british citizen it has been holding without charge for six weeks .
former prime minister benazir bhutto 's pakistan people 's party -lrb- ppp -rrb- friday formally agreed to sit in the new parliament which opens its maiden session here on saturday , party officials said .
three members of the church of scientology are suing the christian democratic union , headed by chancellor helmut kohl , for expelling them from the party , the bonn regional court said friday .
three slovak construction workers who were kidnapped in october by chechen gunmen were released friday and immediately left for slovakia , itar-tass news agency reported .
us fighters will check with air traffic controllers before intercepting commercial aircraft under new rules prompted by a series of close encounters , an air force spokesman said friday .
the london stock market enjoyed another record week , mainly on the back of a bullish wall street , but also encouraged by the near - certainty that british interest rates will not change in the immediate future .
a crewmember died and four passengers were injured when a boeing ### struck trees on landing at <unk> airport in northern brazil on friday , airport sources said .
us secretary of state madeleine albright on friday asked some ### leaders of american interest groups to join her in the battle with congress for increased foreign affairs spending .
the arab league urged the sudanese on friday to accept an offer by the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- to mediate an end to sudan 's long-standing civil war and avert possible foreign intervention .
the following shows preliminary figures for south africa 's exports of gold , coal , platinum group metals , silver , diamonds , chromite , copper , lead , manganese ore , zinc , uranium ore and cobalt for november #### received here friday from the minerals bureau of the department of mineral and energy affairs .
rebels holding ## hostages in japan 's embassy residence are believed to have asked peru 's government to launch a vast food distribution program as part of a settlement , a police intelligence source said friday .
thousands of ethnic asians cleared to receive full british citizenship after a u-turn by the british government will gain it at the territory 's july # handover to china , a home office statement said .
sudanese war planes bombed a northern ugandan town , the ugandan government said here friday , as kampala threatened to retaliate against the khartoum regime amid rising border tensions .
the bodies of three coptic christians , believed to have been killed by islamic militants , were found friday near a southern town where nine copts were massacred in church earlier this week , police said .
a swiss citizen 's group announced a fund for victims of the nazi era friday , and appealed for private donations to complement the ## - million-dollar fund created by the country 's three largest banks .
bulgaria 's interim government friday banned several ministers of the ousted socialist-led administration from leaving the country , the interior ministry announced .
two arab-israeli villagers were killed and two others injured on friday after a road rage incident sparked clashes between rival clans west of jerusalem , police said .
russia signalled for the first time friday that it was willing to discuss a total ban on anti-personnel mines , sources said here on the third day of talks on outlawing the deadly weapons .
more than sixty countries negotiating a pact to free up global trade in telecommunications met friday night at world trade organization headquarters here to take stock of tabled offers before a saturday deadline .
italy 's centre-left government approved a draft law friday that gives more immigrants the right to vote but toughens measures to combat illegal immigration .
one arab-israeli villager was killed and three others injured on friday after a road rage incident sparked clashes between rival clans west of jerusalem , police said .
nigerian immigration authorities have arrested ## suspected illegal immigrants in <unk> , in the southeastern akwa ibom state , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- reported here friday .
the israeli commission set up investigate the helicopter crash that killed ## soldiers said on friday it has yet to discover the cause of the accident , the worst in the country 's military history .
sudanese war planes bombed a northern ugandan town , the ugandan government said friday , as kampala threatened to retaliate against the khartoum regime amid rising border tensions .
the overnight curfew in the moslem-held part of bosnia was finally abolished friday after more than four years , the interior minister of bosnia 's moslem-croat federation announced here .
the bodies of three coptic christians , believed to have been killed by islamic militants , were found friday near a southern town where nine copts were massacred in church earlier this week , police said .
us vice president al gore touched down in south africa late friday for a three-day visit which he described on his arrival here as `` particularly interesting , challenging and important .
around ## chinese paramilitary police wielding machine guns took up positions early saturday on roads leading to the building where north korea 's defecting top <unk> was holed up , an afp reporter saw .
a slovene opposition party will decide this weekend if it will join prime minister janez drnovsek who is trying to form a government and break a political deadlock , slovene radio said friday .
north korean officials told their us counterparts they were unhappy about the defection of chief ideologue hwang jang-yop at a meeting this week in new york , a us official said friday .
the united states embassy in nigeria announced here friday that the us information service -lrb- usis -rrb- bureau in kaduna , northern nigeria , would close by the end of september due to budget restraint .
a senior official of china 's central bank said here friday that hong kong 's monetary system would survive the territory 's return to chinese sovereignty on july # .
an ##-year-old monk was sentenced friday to one year in prison and three years suspended for sexually abusing boys over a period of ## years .
a campaign donor used a meeting with president bill clinton to bolster his credentials with china for a mission in #### that a national security adviser warned could `` do damage , '' according to documents released friday .
a strike by american airlines pilots loomed large friday after a federal mediator said it was unlikely president bill clinton would intervene to avert a walkout at midnight .
the looming strike by american airline pilots threatened to disrupt more than travel friday when the white house warned it could embarrass some romantic valentine 's day revelers .
the united states on friday welcomed an arbitration commission 's decision on the disputed bosnian town of brcko , calling it a `` a fair decision .
canadian foreign minister lloyd axworthy friday defended his country 's policies toward cuba , saying that working from within that country was the best way to help it move toward democracy .
china on saturday moved in paramilitary police with machine-guns to seal off roads leading to a south korean diplomatic building where north korea 's defecting top <unk> was holed up for a third night .
the dollar was up against all major currencies except the pound sterling friday in a day of calm trading ahead of a three-day weekend .
the dow jones index of leading industrials was down ##.## points friday on profit-taking , but a softening of the bond market helped keep stocks strong .
britain on friday urged spain to ensure the safety of british drivers caught up by the crippling eight-day-old strike by spanish truckers .
un secretary-general kofi annan on friday called for a halt to the militarisation of an eastern zaire refugee camp located on the front line of fighting between the zairean army and tutsi rebels .
china moved paramilitary police with machine guns in saturday to seal off roads leading to a south korean diplomatic building where north korea 's defecting top <unk> was holed up for a third night .
west african supervisors of the peace process in liberia said friday that presidential and general elections would go ahead in that country on may ## following the disbanding of the country 's rival militias at the end of last month .
argentine president carlos menem friday left for vietnam , his first stop on a seven-day tour that includes visits to thailand and singapore .
a hong kong-registered cargo ship with ## men on board was on fire off the coast of kenya late friday , lloyd 's casualty reporting service said .
mediators in negotiations between leftist rebels holding ## hostages here and peru 's government hailed progress in preliminary talks friday and said discussions would resume saturday .
mediators in negotiations between leftist rebels holding ## hostages here and peru 's government hailed progress in preliminary talks friday and said discussions would resume saturday .
british author salman rushdie said friday that several attempts had been made on his life since iran called eight years ago for his murder on grounds of `` blasphemy '' and he hit out at british plans to hold a trade fare in iran .
fire swept through a south korean trawler off the kamchatka peninsula in far eastern russia friday , claiming the lives of two seamen , itar - tass news agency reported saturday .
pakistani children aged under ## will no longer be employed in making footballs , under an agreement signed on friday between the international labor office -lrb- ilo -rrb- and the world federation of manufacturers of sports equipment , it was announced here .
twenty-five foreign ministers from asia and the european union opened a meeting here friday to lay the groundwork for a summit in london next year .
the chinese embassy friday complained to the washington post and demanded the paper `` correct '' its claim the embassy was involved in funneling money to president bill clinton 's reelection campaign .
twenty-five foreign ministers from asia and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- opened a one-day meeting here saturday to lay the groundwork for an asia-europe summit in london next year .
indonesia 's family planning program has cut jakarta 's birth rate by about three million new arrivals over the last ## years , an official was quoted saturday as saying .
indonesia has expanded the number of products eligible under an export incentive scheme , a report said saturday .
the european union is concerned at news that rwandan hutu refugees are arming to resist an `` imminent '' attack by zairean rebels on their camp at <unk> <unk> in eastern zaire .
a tense calm prevailed saturday around the south korean embassy here after armed chinese police beefed up security to prevent any north korean bid to grab a top pyongyang defector holed up inside .
fifty australian detectives saturday hunted extortionists who threatened to poison biscuits as officials warned weekend shoppers to be careful about all packaged products .
three people were killed and another two missing when a bus carrying migrant workers plunged into a river in southern china 's guangdong province , it was reported saturday .
two-time champion michael chang was upended in straight sets by hard - serving greg rusedski of britain in the quarter-finals of the atp tour men 's tennis tournament here friday .
thailand on saturday said western nations should ask burmese opposition leader aung sun suu kyi to soften her position against rangoon 's military regime .
a police officer arrested for allegedly accepting bribes in the indian capital hanged himself in his prison cell , newspapers said saturday .
thailand on saturday struck back at western criticism of asia 's burma policy and said the west should ask burmese opposition leader aung sun suu kyi to soften her position against rangoon 's military regime .
the mayor of yerevan in armenia has ordered a cull of thousands of stray dogs in the city after a series of attacks on pedestrians , itar - tass news agency reported saturday .
in a sign of the times , hong kong 's royal observatory will no longer be royal when the clock strikes midnight on june ## , a spokesman for the weather observatory said saturday .
the first large-scale suspension bridge across the upper mouth of china 's southern pearl river is to open for traffic in may , it was reported saturday .
a wooden boat carrying ## chinese boatpeople was stranded in jakarta 's tanjung priok port last week , before it was given naval assistance , the state antara new agency reported saturday .
a ##-year-old man in the russian autonomous republic of <unk> , has told police he killed his ## year-old neighbor during the new year festivities and ate part of his body , interfax reported .
russian authorities estimate at #,### billion rubles -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- the sum needed to compensate refugees from chechnya in #### , according to deputy finance minister vladimir <unk> quoted by itar - tass news agency .
chad carvin , who missed out on a chance to compete in the #### atlanta olympics because of a heart ailment , won two events friday at the us national swimming championships .
argentine president carlos menem was due to arrive here on a two-day vietnam visit sunday , the first leg of a seven-day asian tour that includes visits to thailand and singapore .
two units of major south korean conglomerate lg group have set up a joint venture with korean and local partners to mine and process ore from a rare earth mine in northern vietnam , officials said saturday .
american airlines pilots began a strike saturday after negotiations failed to reach a last-minute accord , allied pilots association president , james <unk> announced .
scott simpson , winless since #### , fired a six-under-par ## friday to open a two-stroke lead after two rounds of the #.# million-dollar hawaiian open golf tournament .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind will cut short a weekend trip here to enable him to take part in a crucial vote in london which threatens to topple the conservative government .
police have arrested two men who were allegedly planning to launch a grenade attack on a moslem gathering attended by president suharto , the state antara news agency reported saturday .
chinese riot police were drafted in saturday to further beef up security around the south korean embassy housing a top-ranking north korean defector .
moments after american airlines pilots announced the start of a strike , president bill clinton issued an emergency declaration suspending the strike for at least ## days , white house spokeswoman april <unk> said .
burma 's military announced saturday the surrender of ## members of the karen national union -lrb- knu -rrb- rebel group , whose positions are currently under attack in areas along the frontier with thailand .
tense standoffs between soldiers loyal to cambodia 's two main political parties continued north and south of here saturday as senior military officials tried to negotiate an end to the fighting .
two astronauts from the shuttle discovery began the second of four spacewalks saturday to upgrade and sharpen the hubble space telescope 's view of the remote universe .
deposed pakistani premier benazir bhutto began her new role as opposition leader as the newly-elected parliament embarked on a five - year term with an inaugural session here saturday .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind has cut short his asian visit , including a keenly-awaited stop in hong kong , because of a crucial parliamentary vote in london , his spokesman said here saturday .
pamela harriman , the late us ambassador to france , donated a van gogh painting to the national gallery of art , the museum announced friday .
twenty-five asian and european foreign ministers met here saturday and were divided over discussing contentious political issues and adding new members to the fledgling asia-europe meeting -lrb- asem -rrb- .
the veil of secrecy surrounding the election of mother teresa 's successor at the head of the missionaries of charity continued here saturday , a month after the order met to decide the issue .
president bill clinton early saturday halted a strike by pilots at american airlines that would have stranded thousands of air travellers and cost the us economy ### million dollars a say .
south korea on saturday called for security to be boosted on its asian flights and around key facilities and officials here following the defection of a top north korean official , a spokesman said .
chinese riot police backed up by a water cannon were drafted in saturday to beef up security around the south korean embassy housing a top-ranking north korean defector .
australian prime minister john howard arrived here saturday on his first visit to new zealand since coming to power a year ago .
nine indian police officers accused of blinding prisoners to extract confessions have gone on the run , newspapers reported saturday .
three world leaders saturday called for concrete action to balance the number of men and women in parliaments , where female representation runs from zero to a high of ## percent .
president bill clinton early saturday halted a strike by pilots at american airlines that would have stranded thousands of air travellers and cost the us economy ### million dollars a day .
almost a year after a <unk> mining firm spilled tonnes of tailings into a river at this central philippine town , the company has yet to present its report on the effect of the discharge on marine life , a local official said saturday .
a british shipping firm has bagged a one billion dollar contract to build india 's deepest and most modern sea port in the western indian state of maharashtra , officials said saturday .
tamil tiger guerrillas pounded a moslem village in eastern sri lanka saturday with mortars , wounding at least ## civilians , officials here said .
zairean government forces backed by rwandan soldiers and mercenaries are regaining the initiative in their battle against rebels in the east , thanks to the arrival of new equipment , several sources said here saturday .
asian and european foreign ministers agreed here saturday to set criteria for admitting new members into the fledgling organization , leaving the touchy question of burma 's entry on the back burner .
the malaysian government saturday urged domestic airline operators to prepare early for reaping maximum benefits from an `` open skies '' agreement with the united states , reports said .
some ### heavily armed zairean soldiers , fleeing from a rebel advance in eastern zaire , have arrived at <unk> port on the shores of lake tanganyika in western tanzania , police said saturday .
an iranian religious leader said the death sentence against british author salman rushdie was still valid and would be `` executed , '' despite government attempts to distance itself from the affair .
an autopsy report showed a six-year-old beauty contest winner murdered last year may have been sexually abused , according to an expert reviewing the report .
foreign ministers from asia and europe saturday demanded the immediate release of all hostages being held by rebels inside the japanese embassy in the peruvian capital , lima .
sri lanka saturday clamped tight security for the cremation of a ruling party mp killed by opposition gunmen as thousands of mourners poured in to pay homage , witnesses said .
chechens were voting saturday in the second and final round of parliamentary elections , which came three days after separatist leader aslan maskhadov was inaugurated as president .
a school in new delhi slapped a fine of ### rupees -lrb- nearly three dollars -rrb- on some of its students for speaking in hindi , india 's principal language , a newspaper reported saturday .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind has cut short his last substantive visit to hong kong before the british territory returns to chinese rule because of a crucial parliamentary vote in london , his spokesman said here saturday .
foreign ministers from asia and europe demanded saturday the immediate release of all hostages being held by peruvian rebels inside the japanese embassy in the peruvian capital lima .
the diplomatic stalemate surrounding a top north korean defector in beijing dragged on saturday as china sought to assert its control over an increasingly tense situation .
china has reopened the airport in the northwestern frontier city of yining , officials said saturday , a week after bloody moslem riots that eyewitnesses say may have left as many as ### dead .
some ## opposition supporters were in prison saturday after being arrested during a pro-european march through the belarus capital that was broken up by police using tear gas and truncheons , the opposition said .
emirates airlines , dubai 's national carrier , will start replacing its ageing airbus fleet with new airbuses this year as part of plans to expand services , its manager said on saturday .
thailand on saturday struck back at western criticism of asia 's burma policy and said the west should ask burmese opposition leader aung sun suu kyi to soften her position against rangoon 's military regime .
indonesian police said saturday they were still interrogating ### youths over unrest in the east timor town of <unk> .
three bangladeshi policemen were killed saturday by unidentified men who threw grenades and used automatic weapons in the troubled southeastern hill tracts , the official bss news agency said .
the palestinian authority on saturday renewed its warning against israeli plans to expand jewish settlements in the west bank on the eve of a new round of peace talks .
european union trade commissioner leon brittan said here saturday that a landmark deal liberalizing global telecommunications had been reached , but cautioned that some details had yet to be finalized .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind arrived here saturday for a two-day visit , cut short because of a crucial parliamentary vote in london .
two police were killed and two others wounded in a shootout over an investigating agent singing out of tune in a <unk> bar in a northern philippine city , a presidential statement said saturday .
foreign ministers from asia and europe demanded saturday the immediate release of all hostages being held by peruvian rebels inside the japanese ambassador 's residence in the peruvian capital lima .
a malaysian airlines aircraft carrying ### passengers and six crew skidded at an airport in the eastern state of sabah saturday but all on board were safe , reports said .
syria said on saturday that israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu 's talks with us president bill clinton in washington this week did not achieve their goal of advancing the middle east peace process .
two astronauts from the shuttle discovery successfully completed the second of four spacewalks saturday aimed at repairing the hubble space telescope , space agency officials said .
three world leaders saturday called for concrete action to balance the number of men and women in parliaments , where female representation runs from zero to a high of ## percent .
president bill clinton issued an emergency order early saturday halting a strike by pilots at american airlines that would have stranded thousands of travelers and cost the us economy some ### million dollars a day .
a german private television channel will broadcast stephen spielberg 's oscar-winning `` schindler 's list '' with commercial breaks despite protests from politicians , according to the der spiegel weekly .
police lying in wait for a gang of armed supermarket robbers killed five suspects and seriously wounded another in a shootout here friday , a police spokesman said .
an outbreak of meningitis has killed ### people in burkina faso this year , the health ministry said .
britain 's trade with the gulf commercial hub of dubai last year topped one billion pounds -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- for the first time , a british minister said here saturday .
a majority of deputies in iran 's islamic assembly have pledged their support for parliamentary speaker ali akbar nategh nuri in presidential elections due in the summer , one member said saturday .
kuwait 's state deficit for the last financial year was ## percent lower than forecast due to higher oil prices rather than government spending restraint , official figures showed on saturday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak held talks with top syrian officials who arrived on saturday carrying a message from syrian president hafez al-assad on the middle east peace process , officials said .
petrol filling stations in kuwait are being fitted with bullet-proof glass to protect cashiers from armed assault in this normally quiet gulf state , the operating company said on saturday .
notorious criminal charles sobhraj 's bid to leave an indian prison here saturday has been delayed , officials said .
the director of a greek monthly was given a ##-month prison sentence for writing an article describing christ as a `` superstar of debauchery '' after complaints by a nationalist , fundamentalist journalist , judicial officials said saturday .
a senior deputy saturday said she would ask her colleagues to block india 's upcoming federal budget to ensure a third of the seats in parliament are reserved for women .
indian detectives met malaysian interpol officials saturday in connection with new delhi 's efforts to extradite an italian in connection with a #.#-billion-dollar arms scandal , reports said .
the director of a greek monthly was given a ##-month prison sentence for writing an article describing christ as a `` superstar of debauchery '' after complaints by a nationalist , fundamentalist journalist , judicial officials said saturday .
police fired teargas to hold back angry mourners who set fire to shops during a highly emotional funeral of a ruling party legislator killed by opposition gunmen , witnesses said .
a chinese government spokesman said here saturday that the crisis over a top north korean official 's attempt to defect through the south korean embassy in beijing could take `` a long time '' to resolve .
notorious criminal charles sobhraj 's bid to leave an indian prison here saturday has been delayed , officials said .
qatar said saturday that the deployment later this month of us warplanes on its territory was not directed at any country in the region , in an apparent reference to iran and iraq .
bosnia 's top international mediator , high representative carl bildt , began talks on the implementation of the brcko arbitration tribunal 's decision here saturday .
hungarian border guards have seized #.# kilograms -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of explosives in a <unk> express train arriving from belgrade , border guards said saturday .
us vice president al gore led his hefty security entourage saturday on an african safari , and later praised conservation authorities for involving `` local communities .
a serious outbreak of cholera is <unk> at mpulungu port on lake tanganyika in northern zambian where some #,### zairean refugees are in temporary camps , official sources said saturday .
bosnia 's top international mediator , high representative carl bildt , said saturday than an international conference on how to implement the brcko arbitration would be held in vienna next month .
the strategic city of kisangani in eastern zaire will `` soon fall '' to rebels in control of a swathe of territory in the area , radio bukavu , which is controlled by the rebels , reported saturday .
the spanish government has agreed to hold its first direct talks with the union behind a truckers ' strike in a move that could herald a breakthrough in the crippling nine-day action .
some ## sympathizers of an opposition-called general strike here are being detained at military police barracks near the capital , according to reports reaching afp on saturday .
three bangladeshi policemen were killed saturday by suspected tribal rebels who threw grenades and used automatic weapons in the troubled southeastern hill tracts , officials here said .
liu <unk> , a leading shanghai industrialist , died saturday in the eastern chinese commercial city at the age of ## , the official xinhua news agency said .
thousands of women supporting turkey 's secular system held a protest march here saturday in protest at calls by pro-islamic extremists for the adoption of sharia -lrb- islamic -rrb- law .
thailand 's world boxing council -lrb- wbc -rrb- bantamweight champion sirimongkol <unk> retained his crown here saturday after surviving an eight-count .
the swedish army has called a halt to the sale of military pistols to portugal following a scandal over their resale to german gun - merchants , in contravention of swedish law , a newspaper reported saturday .
nine indian policemen accused of blinding prisoners to extract confessions were reported to be on the run saturday , as cases were lodged against a top officer in connection with the torture .
the son of mafia chief toto riina was sentenced to four years and eight months in prison here saturday for his role in the kidnapping and murder of a child .
iran must curb its interference in other countries and enter the `` modern world , '' a british minister of state said here saturday .
the pakistan government saturday pledged it would implement an accord signed in geneva to end child labor in its lucrative footbal industry .
italy 's secessionist northern league changed its name to the northern league for the independence of padania at its third congress saturday .
senegal is seeking more loans from the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- to finance domestic development projects , an adviser to president abdou diouf said on saturday .
police introduced a night curfew on a sri lankan town as hundreds of angry mourners stoned police following the funeral of a ruling party legislator killed by opposition gunmen , witnesses said .
five people were wounded , four of them seriously , in gang violence in the troubled albanian town of vlore , the interior ministry said saturday .
britain 's defense procurement minister , james <unk> , met saturday with the emir of qatar , sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al thani , on ways to bolster ties between the two countries , the official qna news agency reported .
a former nazi accused being a high-ranking officer at the auschwitz death camp has died here aged ## , authorities announced saturday .
croat-controlled west mostar was hit by seven grenade blasts overnight in a continuing terror campaign against minority moslems still living there , a spokesman for the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- said saturday .
outgoing yugoslav prime minister radoje kontic was given the task of forming a new government saturday , tanjug news agency announced .
a military court here found four suspected zairean tutsi rebels guilty of spying , treason and conniving with the enemy saturday and sentenced them to death , an afp correspondent reported .
police opened fire to disperse thousands of angry <unk> at a funeral for a ruling party legislator in sri lanka saturday , killing one man and wounding at least ## others , hospital sources said .
one of serbia 's main opposition leaders , who led the recent months of pro-democracy street protests , wants a constitutional monarchy installed in serbia , local media reported saturday .
french shipbuilder constructions <unk> de normandie -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said it is about to complete the first of eight fast patrol boats ordered by kuwait , the official news agency kuna reported on saturday .
seven explosions , including a possible mortar attack , rocked croat - controlled west mostar overnight in a terror campaign against minority moslems living there , a spokesman for the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- said saturday .
egyptian prime minister kamal al-ganzuri on saturday annuled a two - year-old state security court verdict acquitting five islamic militants of murdering a police officer , a judicial source said .
president bill clinton on saturday unveiled a proposal to standardize the way child-safety seats are installed in us cars .
afghanistan 's taliban islamic militia saturday alleged that opposition groups currently fighting the religious militia in the eastern province of kunar were based in neighbouring pakistan .
quebec police have seized illegal drugs and steroids worth ###,### dollars smuggled in from the united states and destined for the canadian black market , news reports said saturday .
a landmark deal to liberalize global telecommunications inched closer saturday as negotiators arrived for a final meeting here , with an accord expected well before midnight .
pakistani police saturday arrested ## christian demonstrators during a rally by hundreds of members of the minority against recent religious violence in a central town , police and witnesses said .
a formal agreement liberalizing global telecommunication markets was signed at the world trade organization on saturday , according to a european negotiator .
the spanish government reached an accord saturday with the country 's national transport committee -lrb- cnt -rrb- that may pave the way for a resolution of a crippling nine-day truckers strike .
us vice president al gore held talks with powerful south african labor groups here saturday to discuss investment and environment issues , officials said .
peru 's government resumed preliminary negotiations saturday with a representative of heavily armed rebels who are holding ## vip hostages .
almost ## countries signed a formal agreement at the world trade organization here saturday , liberalizing global telecommunications markets , according to a european negotiator .
eight youths were shot to death early saturday in the heavily populated el <unk> district of medellin , police officials here said .
police arrested a ##-year-old south african man at the namibian border saturday in connection with a bomb attack <unk> last year on a crowded shopping center near here , officials said .
outgoing yugoslav prime minister radoje kontic was given the task of forming a new government saturday , more than three months after general elections in montenegro and serbia , tanjug news agency reported .
russian secret agents are preparing `` provocations '' to sabotage poland 's hopes of joining nato and the eu , polish special services minister zbigniew <unk> said in an article published saturday .
former brazilian star pele has warned compatriot and fifa player of the year ronaldo not to let fame go to his head or turn to drugs , citing argentine wizard diego maradona as an example to be avoided .
palestinian leader yasser arafat saturday warned that israeli plans to expand west bank jewish settlements violated peace accords and accused israel of trying to bring his people to their knees .
the european union on saturday promised '' all possible assistance '' on the implementation of the brcko arbitration tribunal 's decision to leave the disputed bosnian town of brcko nominally under serb control , saying cooperation from all sides was crucial for its success .
iraq has made a formal protest to iran for allowing a team of dutch foreign ministry officials to enter iraqi kurdistan from its territory , the iraqi press reported on saturday .
iranian defense minister mohammad <unk> on saturday held talks here with syrian prime minister mahmud al-zohbi about relations between the two strategic middle east allies , officials said .
us vice president al gore broke the ice saturday , calling south africa an `` inspiration to the world , '' despite a recent cooling of ties between pretoria and washington over south africa 's proposed arms deal to syria .
madeleine albright , the newly appointed us secretary of state , is expected early sunday in rome , the first of nine capitals on her first foreign trip to europe and asia since she took up the job .
moscow , considering separatist chechen leader aslan maskhadov to be the president of a russian republic , has given him an aircraft and an armored mercedes car , the interfax agency reported saturday .
palestinian and egyptian officials will hold talks next week to discuss setting up a free trade zone on the egyptian-gaza strip border to boost meager bilateral trade , officials said saturday .
egyptian state television on saturday broadcast photographs of six islamists police say were behind the massacre of nine young orthodox christians in a church in southern egypt earlier this week .
american airlines on saturday wooed frustrated fliers with cheap domestic and international fares announced hours after president bill clinton issued an emergency order halting a pilots ' strike .
us secretary of state madeleine albright on saturday left washington for rome , where she is to begin her first international tour as head of us diplomacy .
a one-million-dollar arms shipment discovered in the wreckage of a plane that crashed in brazil 's matto grosso state was purchased by drug dealers and destined for colombian guerrillas , authorities said here saturday .
three people died and at least one was injured when bandits held a bus and its passengers for ## hours near here , police said saturday .
the spanish government and truck drivers started their negotiations in madrid on saturday seeking an end to the strike which has crippled the country for nine days .
violent clashes between rightwing extremists , left-wing militants and police in berlin on saturday left several people injured , some of them seriously , police said .
two sons of former nicaraguan strongman anastasio somoza <unk> have come to nicaragua to reclaim family property confiscated by the sandinistas in the ####s , news reports said saturday .
the five-nation committee monitoring a ceasefire in south lebanon will meet monday to discuss complaints filed by both jersualem and beirut , an israeli military spokesman said saturday .
around ###,### israelis crossed into jordan in #### compared to ##,### jordanians who entered the jewish state during the same period , said a report published by the israeli embassy saturday .
german chancellor helmut kohl warned saturday that he was against any attempt to soften the criteria for countries joining a single european currency .
south africa offered moral support saturday to the government of lesotho , which faced a growing police mutiny and threats by some politicians of an impending `` civil war .
two leaders of serbia 's opposition coalition zajedno -lrb- together -rrb- , zoran djindjic and vesna pesic , said saturday they favored calling a halt to almost three months of street demonstrations against president slobodan milosevic .
the serbian opposition zajedno -lrb- together -rrb- said saturday it was calling a halt to almost three months of street demonstrations against president slobodan milosevic .
unidentified gunmen shot and critically wounded a nephew of north korean leader kim jong-il 's former live-in girlfriend here sunday , sources at the hospital said .
unidentified gunmen shot and critically wounded a nephew of north korean leader kim jong-il 's former live-in girlfriend here sunday , sources at the hospital said .
the serbian opposition zajedno -lrb- together -rrb- said saturday it was calling a halt to almost three months of street demonstrations against president slobodan milosevic .
unidentified gunmen shot and critically wounded a nephew of north korean leader kim jong-il 's former live-in girlfriend , hospital sources said sunday .
the serbian opposition coalition zajedno -lrb- together -rrb- said saturday it was suspending -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- street demonstrations against president slobodan milosevic that have taken place daily for almost three months .
new evidence points to swedish culprit in the unsolved #### killing of prime minister olaf palme , chief public prosecutor jan danielsson said in a radio interview saturday night .
sudanese leader omar al-beshir said saturday that sudan was determined to normalise its ties with uganda , in accordance with an agreement mediated by iran at the end of last year .
leaders of striking spanish truck drivers rejected late saturday a draft accord reached by the government and drivers not involved in the crippling truckers strike now in its ##th day .
south korean army troops and police were put on alert sunday in and around seoul after a top-level defector was shot and critically wounded by suspected north korean agents , officials said .
the home office is about to publish a white paper on juvenile crime which proposes a curfew for children under five and their parents , the sunday press reported .
china deployed around ## paramilitary riot police until dawn sunday around the four roadways to the south korean embassy where a top-level north korean defector has been holed up for five days .
president saddam hussein 's eldest son , uday , who has been in hospital since an attempt on his life in december , was visited saturday by senior officials from bahrain and qatar , iraqi television reported .
fourteen colombian rebels and three police were killed in fighting around colombia on friday and saturday , government sources said .
georgia has lifted the diplomatic immunity of an official involved in a fatal car crash here last month , said state department spokeswoman phyllis young on saturday .
an american scientist who pioneered work on dna , says in an interview published sunday that if a gene determining homosexuality is ever identified , he would favor letting mothers abort babies which were likely to be `` gay '' .
the cambodian military has mounted a major search for a government team amid fears they may have been taken hostage after heading for talks with the last khmer rouge guerrillas , officials said sunday .
north korea on sunday celebrated the ##th birthday of its reclusive leader kim jong-il , praising him for making the country 's #.# million - strong military the `` core '' of the stalinist state .
a north korean student drafted in to keep watch over the south korean embassy said sunday that violent action was possible if hwang jang - yop , pyongyang 's highest level defector , was moved to seoul .
a north korean student drafted in to keep watch over the south korean embassy said sunday that violent action was possible if hwang jang - yop , pyongyang 's highest level defector , was moved to seoul .
the indonesian military said it has no plans to withdraw any of the #,### troops from the riot-stricken province of west kalimantan on borneo island , the state-run antara news agency said sunday .
the most renowned paintings from the victorian era , when britain ruled the world , will be shown for the first time in the united states .
senate foreign relations committee chairman jesse helms said in remarks broadcast saturday that he would vote against the confirmation of president bill clinton 's choice for cia director , anthony lake .
mike reid birdied the final hole saturday to regain a one-shot lead after the third round of the #.# million-dollar pga hawaiian open .
a night curfew was eased sunday at a sri lankan town where police opened fire and killed a mourner and wounded ## others during the funeral of a slain ruling party legislator , officials said .
a north korean student drafted in to keep watch over the south korean embassy here where pyongyang 's highest level defector is holed up said sunday violent action may be taken if he were moved to seoul .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind met hong kong 's future leader tung chee-hwa on sunday , but the pair differed on key policy issues <unk> the territory 's handover to chinese rule .
ukraine will host an international exercise in the the crimea involving ## countries , including the united states and russia , itar - tass news agency reported .
tribal guerrillas massacred ## <unk> after storming a small village in the northeastern indian state of tripura , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported sunday .
tribal guerrillas massacred ## <unk> after storming a small village in the north-eastern indian state of tripura , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported sunday .
briton greg rusedski blew past third-seeded andre agassi in straight sets saturday to line up a meeting with world number one pete sampras in the final of the atp tour tennis tournament here .
two of three men accused of shooting dead a jordanian official in iraq in november , appeared on iraqi television saturday night and confessed to murdering another man in syria .
a third spacewalk by astronauts sent on a repair mission to the hubble space telescope got under way saturday as mark lee and steve smith donned spacesuits for a six-hour mission .
chad carvin claimed his third title in two days on saturday with a victory in the ###m freestyle at the us national swimming championships .
south korean home minister suh <unk> on sunday ordered stepped up security measures around government vips , key <unk> and defectors in the south in the wake of the shooting of a high-ranking defector .
south korea 's current account deficit hit a record high of ##.# billion dollars in #### , up ### percent from #.## billion dollars a year ago , the bank of korea -lrb- bok -rrb- said sunday .
indonesian armed forces will not pull-out from the riot-stricken province of west kalimantan on borneo island , a report said sunday , as ethnic groups at the center of weeks of clashes tried to hammer out a peace agreement .
hong kong is set to get its own version of disneyland , with a theme - park dedicated to the territory 's energetic movie industry , a report said here sunday .
the government of tajikistan issued an ultimatum sunday to rebels holding ## hostages , warning that unless the captives were freed by #### gmt , troops would storm the rebel base , government spokesman zafar saidov said .
veteran politician elahi <unk> soomro of the pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- was unanimously elected speaker of the new national assembly after former premier benazir bhutto 's party withdrew its candidate .
south korea 's current account deficit hit a record high of ##.# billion dollars in #### , up ### percent from #.## billion dollars a year ago , the bank of korea -lrb- bok -rrb- said sunday .
director steven spielberg 's plans for a new hollywood studio on what is now a swamp along the pacific coast is drawing fire from environmentalists .
maoist guerrillas stormed a village in the eastern indian state of bihar and shot dead six people after abducting them , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported sunday .
south korean army troops and police were put on alert sunday in and around seoul after a top-level defector was shot by suspected north korean agents and left brain dead , officials said .
china 's fledgling stockmarkets are attracting increasing numbers of retirees looking to both protect their savings and relieve boredom , the china daily business weekly reported sunday .
the government of tajikistan issued an ultimatum sunday to rebels holding ## hostages , warning that unless the captives were freed by #### gmt , troops would storm the rebel base , government spokesman zafar saidov said .
police here sunday sought three men seen running away after an explosion destroyed a vacant house backing on to the turkish consulate .
gunmen stormed and trashed a chinese restaurant owned by an opposition legislator in the sri lankan capital in an apparent revenge attack for the killing of a government mp , the owner said sunday .
a raft of incentives for foreign investors has been introduced in the southwestern chinese city of chongqing as part of government efforts to <unk> more than one million people displaced by the nearby three gorges dam project .
a raft of incentives for foreign investors has been introduced in the southwestern chinese city of chongqing as part of government efforts to <unk> millions displaced by the nearby three gorges dam project .
taiwan will this week launch a crack down on sex tours and counterfeit shopping sprees arranged by local travel agencies for foreign tourists , a prosecutor said sunday .
israeli foreign minister david levy rejected sunday palestinian demands that a new phase of peace negotiations due to begin later in the day deal with complaints over israel 's settlement policy .
civil servants in india 's largest state will not make public the results of a bizarre poll designed to reveal which three of them are the most corrupt , a newspaper reported sunday .
the modernization of the poorly-equipped philippine military will emphasize quality over quantity and will include the streamlining of forces and acquisition of modern technology , president fidel ramos said sunday .
a remote control sri lankan air force spy plane crashed during a test flight at a north-central air base , raising the losses of similar planes to three , defense sources here said .
north korean diplomats and others drafted to watch the south korean embassy in beijing , where pyongyang 's highest level defector is holed up , warned sunday of violent action if he was moved .
indian customs officers sunday seized a batch of fish which had been stuffed with foreign currency worth some ###,### dollars and was being exported to singapore , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported .
a large blast rocked the exclusive <unk> consulate quarter here sunday , destroying a vacant house backing on to the turkish consulate .
sudan has opened military camps to train civilian men and women to carry arms , the official al-sudan al-hadith newspaper reported on sunday .
australian prime minister john howard sunday said his overnight talks with new zealand counterpart jim bolger focused on indigenous land rights .
two people were injured and four others detained by police when a mob attacked supporters of opposition leader megawati sukarnoputri at a town south of jakarta , an indonesian democracy party -lrb- pdi -rrb- official said sunday .
the philippines government said sunday it was firm on withdrawing investment incentives from two provinces near manila , despite pleas that the move could lead to a big dip in foreign investments .
peace talks between moslem insurgents and the philippine military have been postponed by a series of skirmishes between the two sides near this southern city , it was announced sunday .
fifteen canadian military observers arrived in guatemala as part of the <unk> mission to monitor the peace accords with leftist guerrillas .
veteran politician elahi <unk> soomro of the pakistan muslim league -lrb- pml -rrb- was unanimously elected speaker of the new national assembly sunday after former premier benazir bhutto 's party withdrew its candidate .
south korean army troops and police were put on alert sunday in and around seoul after a top-level defector was shot by suspected north korean agents and left brain dead , officials said .
suspected tribal rebels in bangladesh 's troubled southern hill tracts killed a soldier and injured another in an attack , officials here said sunday .
the philippine government has plans to increase its budgetary appropriation for #### by ## percent over this year 's budget , it was revealed here sunday .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel will go to jordan march # for a one-day working visit before traveling on to the palestinian autonomous areas and then israel , the germany embassy here said sunday .
palestinian president yasser arafat will visit turkey this week for talks with president suleiman demirel , his office announced on sunday .
britain urged iran on sunday to stop supporting `` terrorism '' and attempting to `` destablise '' its wealthy arab neighbors in the oil-rich gulf .
burmese government forces have swept through territory previously held by ethnic karen just across the thai border as rebel guerrillas scattered into the jungle , the rebels said sunday .
tribal guerrillas gunned down ## people after raiding two villages in the troubled far-eastern indian state of tripura , the second such massacre in four days , officials said sunday .
israel has protested to yasser arafat 's palestinian authority over an alleged attempt by palestinian security to recruit an israeli bedouin soldier as a spy , military sources said on sunday .
sudanese president omar el-beshir accused the united states and israel of carrying out a proxy war against his country by arming three of sudan 's neighbors , a jordanian newspaper said sunday .
the head of al-azhar , the top sunni moslem authority , has said in statements published sunday that banks which fix interest rates in advance are the closest to islamic <unk> principles .
indian police were clueless sunday about the whereabouts of `` bandit queen '' - <unk> phoolan devi with a judicial deadline for arresting her expiring on monday .
trade between the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- and britain peaked at its highest level in #### and the exchange is expected to hit another record this year , a british minister said on sunday .
philippine president fidel ramos sunday denied his ruling lakas -lrb- power -rrb- party was planning to amend the constitution to allow him to stay in power after his term ends in #### .
the southern indian state of tamil nadu will draft around ##,### women to spearhead a campaign against liquor , the press trust of india reported sunday .
national flag carrier kuwait airways corporation -lrb- kac -rrb- recorded losses of more than ### million dollars in the financial year ####\/#### , kac 's chairman said in remarks published on sunday .
supporters of opposition leader megawati sukarnoputri on sunday accused the indonesian military of launching an attack on protesters which injured two people , led to the arrest of another four and destroyed four vehicles .
a third spacewalk by astronauts sent on a repair mission to the hubble space telescope was completed sunday as mark lee and steve smith worked for more than seven hours attached to a special mast .
kenya 's police commander has ordered the police to stop the torture of people suspected of committing crimes and to refrain from harrassing journalists , the sunday nation newspaper reported .
pakistan on sunday rejected trade talks with its neighbor india without first entering into a dialogue on the lingering kashmir dispute , official sources said .
the eastern indian state of tripura sunday ordered police to shoot tribal guerrillas on sight and deployed the army after the massacre of ## people , officials said .
syria showed little enthusiasm sunday for israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu 's current visit to the united states , although one official newspaper said it was too soon to judge the trip .
the philippine government has made ###.# billion pesos -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- through its privatization program since it began in #### , the state committee on privatization said here sunday .
taiwan is to consider measures to regulate investment projects in china by major companies here despite mixed reactions from local business leaders , a report said sunday .
lesotho military units defeated a rebel police faction sunday with heavy artillery and automatic weapons fire , ending a tense ##-day police mutiny in this tiny mountain kingdom .
a mother killed her daughter because she wore trousers and a man strangled his cousin whom he tried to rape because she aroused him by wearing jeans , the government press reported sunday .
at least ## people were killed when tribal guerrillas attacked three villages sunday in the eastern indian state of tripura , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported .
pakistan sunday rejected trade talks with india saying the two neighbors must first enter into a dialogue on the lingering kashmir dispute which has plagued their relations , official sources said .
turnout in the second round of parliamentary elections in chechnya failed to reach the ## percent required for the vote to be valid , according to early results issued by the electoral commission .
philippine president fidel ramos sunday denied his ruling lakas -lrb- power -rrb- party was planning to amend the constitution to allow him to stay in power after his term ends in #### .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel will visit jordan and israel between march # and # for talks on the middle east peace process , a spokesman for his ministry confirmed here early sunday .
britain urged iran on sunday to stop supporting `` terrorism '' and attempting to `` destablise '' its wealthy arab neighbors in the oil-rich gulf .
a pennsylvania hospital has been selected as the first in the united states to use artifical blood in emergency situations under new federal guidelines easing the use of experimental procedures .
russian presidential hopeful alexander lebed kicked off a five-day , high-profile visit to paris sunday that is meant to boost his public image at home and abroad .
russian presidential hopeful alexander lebed kicked off a five-day , high-profile visit to paris sunday that is meant to boost his public image at home and abroad .
mexican foreign affairs minister jose angel gurria on sunday began an official visit to israel , the first by a diplomatic chief from his country in ## years , officials said .
britain 's conservative government faces a tough day in parliament monday , when the house votes on a motion of no confidence in agriculture minister douglas hogg over his handling of the `` mad cow '' crisis .
chinese vice-premier li lanqing was due to arrive in israel sunday for a five-day visit aimed at boosting bilateral trade , officials said .
iraq on sunday accused the united states of encouraging israel and turkey to forge an alliance to contain arab countries .
the yemeni authorities announced sunday the arrests of five people on charges of printing ## million dollars in counterfeit money .
the arab league will send observers to monitor algerian legislative elections later this year , secretary general esmat abdel meguid said on sunday .
the karachi stock exchange -lrb- kse -rrb- witnessed a record rise of ## points sunday , a day before `` business-friendly '' nawaz sharif 's induction as pakistan 's prime minister , dealers here said .
egypt 's national carrier egyptair will take delivery of eight new airbus and boeing passenger planes later this year as part of a #.# billion dollar deal , company officials said on sunday .
egypt will donate the first carpets for the <unk> prayer hall which has been newly renovated beneath the al-aqsa mosque , islam 's third holiest site in jerusalem 's old city , an official said sunday .
egypt will donate the first carpets for the <unk> prayer hall which has been newly renovated beneath the al-aqsa mosque , islam 's third holiest site in jerusalem 's old city , an official said sunday .
britain urged iran on sunday to stop what it called terrorist activities and attempts to destabilise its wealthy arab neighbors to ensure security in the oil-rich gulf .
talks resumed sunday between the spanish government and union representatives aimed at ending a crippling ##-day truckers ' strike , as both sides issued conflicting reports on how they were progressing .
the eastern indian state of tripura sunday ordered police to shoot tribal guerrillas on sight and deployed the army after the massacre of ## people , officials said .
lesotho military troops defeated a rebel police group sunday with an onslaught of heavy artillery and automatic weapons fire , ending a tense ##-day mutiny in this tiny mountain kingdom .
a zambian newspaper editor was detained by police sunday for allegedly publishing false information , barely a week after another journalist was jailed for three months for contempt of court .
president frederick chiluba expressed his concern at the civil war in neighbouring zaire as deaths from hunger and cholera were reported sunday among refugees reaching zambia .
the governor of the bank of england , eddie george , has expressed doubts over whether the new european single currency will be launched as planned in #### , in an interview with the german magazine capital .
russian communist party leader gennady zyuganov , who was runner-up in last year 's presidential elections , will leave for a five-day visit to the united states late sunday , the interfax news agency reported .
chadian interior and security minister mahamat <unk> <unk> is visiting tripoli , the official libyan news agency jana announced sunday .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- announced on sunday a ##-day mourning period and the closure of government offices for three days over the death of a senior member of its royal family .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has created teams to hunt for illegal aliens after nearly ###,### of them went home last year during an unprecedented amnesty , officials said on sunday .
palestinian police arrested six people , including the deputy governor and the head of intelligence for nablus , in connection with the torture death of a prisoner last month , security sources said sunday .
a man in northeastern tanzania cut off his wife 's ears and ate them when she refused to leave their bedroom so that he could sleep with another woman , a newspaper reported sunday .
a new demonstration by #,### vlore residents took over the main street of the troubled albanian town sunday morning , continuing a campaign of ardent anti-government sentiment .
three britons were sentenced to prison with hard labor on sunday for smuggling precious egyptian antiquities out of the country , many disguised as cheap tourist souvenirs .
egypt on sunday urged the united nations not to impose `` automatically renewable '' sanctions on sudan , which is accused of harbouring suspects accused of involvement in a bid to kill president hosni mubarak .
european union and gulf cooperation council officials prepared sunday for a new round of talks aimed at forging a free trade agreement which depends on gulf states unifying customs tariffs .
a man in northeastern tanzania cut off his wife 's ears and ate them when she refused to leave their bedroom so that he could sleep with another woman , a newspaper reported sunday .
three men convicted of murdering seven people in separate attacks were hanged in a tehran prison at dawn on sunday , a newspaper reported .
four thieves made off with a statue and an ancient burial stone dating from classical antiquity at the archaeological site of <unk> , near athens , police said sunday .
us vice president al gore on sunday visited the jail cell on robben island where president nelson mandela spent ## of his ## years behind bars , and described the experience as `` very moving .
two new explosions of unknown origin rocked the city of mostar overnight , a spokesman for the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- said sunday .
swiss foreign minister flavio cotti denounced us senator alfonso d'amato sunday for a spate of verbal attacks against his country , whose banks have been accused of plundering jewish assets during world war ii .
israel drew up legislation sunday to bar thousands of palestinians wounded by israeli troops during the ####-#### intifada uprising against israeli occupation to receive compensation , officials said .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri held private talks with french president jacques chirac and defense minister charles millon here sunday , the president 's office announced .
despite active campaigning by hundreds of french intellectuals and human rights activists , france 's conservative government is persisting in plans to push through a controversial anti-immigration bill .
israeli and palestinian negotiators met in this kibbutz outside jerusalem sunday for a new round of talks aimed at finalizing israeli implementation of ##-month-old peace accords .
the breakaway republic of chechnya was still without a parliament sunday due to insufficient turnout in the second round of elections , according to early results from the electoral commission .
israel drew up legislation sunday to bar thousands of palestinians wounded by israeli troops during the ####-#### intifada uprising from receiving compensation , officials said .
gypsies sunday claimed equal rights with jews to the multi-million dollar swiss fund created for holocaust victims .
israeli and palestinian negotiators met in this kibbutz outside jerusalem sunday for a new round of talks aimed at finalizing israeli implementation of ##-month-old peace accords .
the israeli army held civil defense exercises on sunday near the northern city of haifa to prepare for any further rocket attacks from south lebanon , military officials said .
israel drew up legislation sunday to bar thousands of palestinians wounded by israeli troops during the ####-#### intifada uprising from receiving compensation , officials said .
one hundred and four people were arrested in berlin saturday after violent clashes between right-wing extremists and left-wing militants , police there said sunday .
political violence spread to the sri lankan capital with gunmen smashing a chinese restaurant owned by an opposition mp as a curfew was reimposed at a town elsewhere , officials said sunday .
nearly #,### ethnic uighurs and turkish nationalists sunday burned chinese flags at a rally here in protest at what they called china 's oppressive policies against moslems .
the national science foundation -lrb- nsf -rrb- sunday hailed new evidence of a large meteorite impact some ## milion years ago that may help shed light on what caused the extinction of dinosaurs .
israel has protested to yasser arafat 's palestinian authority over an alleged attempt by palestinian security to recruit an israeli bedouin soldier as a spy , military sources said on sunday .
russia 's would-be president alexander lebed flew into paris on sunday to shore up his political contacts in the french capital -- and promptly had a doctor look at his <unk> toenail .
despite active campaigning by hundreds of french intellectuals and human rights activists , france 's conservative government is persisting in plans to push through a controversial anti-immigration bill .
despite active campaigning by hundreds of french intellectuals and human rights activists , france 's conservative government is persisting in plans to push through a controversial anti-immigration bill .
the breakaway republic of chechnya was still without a parliament sunday due to insufficient turnout in the second round of elections , according to early results from the electoral commission .
president nelson mandela held private talks sunday with us vice president al gore here sunday , although the two avoided the controversial subject of pretoria 's proposed arms sale to syria .
vice president carlos <unk> sunday urged argentines to boycott of `` evita '' saying the movie was an insult to the late eva peron .
five skiers died and another was seriously injured when they were swept away by avalanches in the french alps and pyrenees , police said sunday .
un disarmament envoy rolf ekeus is due to visit baghdad on thursday to raise concerns that iraq is hiding banned long-range missiles , un sources said sunday .
argentine president carlos menem discussed ways to increase trade with bahrain during talks here sunday with the emir , sheikh issa ibn salman al-khalifa , the official gulf news agency said .
the turkish army was back in hebron sunday , ## years after ottoman forces were chased from the holy land , but this time the soldiers ' task was not to make war but help build peace between jews and arabs .
four soldiers in the burundian army , including a lieutenant , have been given prison sentences of eight to ## years for killing innocent civilians in two towns , judicial officials said on sunday .
un human rights envoy elisabeth rehn met serbian opposition leaders sunday , fresh from three months of pro-democracy protests that forced the government into a humiliating climbdown .
india 's coalition united front government survived a crucial test sunday when its main ally said it would not withdraw parliamentary support , the united news of india -lrb- uni -rrb- reported .
us secretary of state madeleine albright arrived in bonn on sunday evening for an official visit to germany , her second stop on a nine - state get-acquainted tour of european and asian states .
argentine president carlos menem arrived at hanoi 's noi bai international airport early monday , an argentine official said .
argentine president carlos menem arrived at hanoi 's noi bai international airport early monday , an argentine official said .
oscar nominee actor armin <unk> , currently starring in the international hit `` shine '' , appeared at the berlin film festival sunday to present his first film as director in which he plays a man who takes himself for adolf hitler .
some ### us troops and two c-### hercules transport aircraft arrived sunday at abidjan airport to airlift reinforcements for the west african peacekeeping force in liberia known as ecomog .
owners of bars and liquor stores near churches and schools have been ordered to close shop in accordance with a #### decree that never was implemented , local media said sunday .
albania 's government sunday flatly denied a press report that it was involved in organised crime , denouncing the allegation as malicious and demanding an apology .
france 's conservative government stuck to its guns over tougher immigration legislation sunday despite a growing protest movement and calls for civil disobedience .
syrian vice president abdel halim khaddam on sunday rejected israeli conditions for the resumption of peace negotiations , saying they could last as long as `` a century .
egyptian interior minister hassan al <unk> on sunday blamed iran for stoking moslem militant violence in egypt and said islamic fundamentalist groups were waging their campaigns from bases in europe .
the new us ambassador to the united nations , bill richardson , sunday praised georgian president eduard shevardnadze for lifting the immunity of a diplomat involved in a fatal car crash here .
the national science foundation -lrb- nsf -rrb- sunday hailed new evidence of a large meteorite impact some ## milion years ago that may help shed light on what caused the extinction of dinosaurs .
poland 's special services minister zbigniew <unk> , who believes russia is preparing `` major provocations '' against his country , left for bonn on sunday to discuss the issue with german officials .
south african air force helicopters on sunday rescued ### mozambicans left stranded by severe flooding in caia near the port of beira , officials said here .
south african air force helicopters rescued ### <unk> on sunday left stranded by severe flooding in caia , near the port of beira , the military said .
nearly ##,### students , joined by belgrade residents , demonstrated on sunday night in the streets of the serbian capital against the government of president slobodan milosevic .
bahrain 's foreign minister sheikh mohammad ibn mubarak al khalifa said he hoped to improve strained relations with qatar on his arrival here sunday to attend a meeting of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
an arab israeli was seriously wounded on sunday when palestinians threw stones at his car near the volatile west bank city of hebron , military officials said .
the recent defection of a senior north korean official to south korea is a `` serious '' incident that washington is watching `` closely , '' the us ambassador bill richardson to the un said sunday .
spain will be one of the first to adopt a single european currency despite unemployment at ## percent , said prime minister jose maria aznar .
world chess champion garry kasparov beat his russian compatriot vladimir kramnik in the ##th and last round of the linares tournament in southern spain to win the category ## contest outright by a clear one-point margin .
french firefighters tackled a heavyweight problem over the weekend when they came to the rescue of a ###-kilogram -lrb- <unk> -rrb- heart attack victim .
new un secretary-general kofi annan has said that he wants to make aid to countries `` forgotten '' by the globalization of the world economy one of his priorities .
russian presidential hopeful alexander lebed warned sunday of a social explosion that could tear russia apart , as he kicked off a five-day , high-profile visit to france .
iranian ecologist habibollah <unk> has been banned from leaving tehran for a conference in london , the iranian cultural association <unk> said sunday .
us secretary of state madeleine albright late sunday began a visit to germany expected to be largely concerned with the issue of enlarging nato eastward and overhauling european security structures .
world chess champion garry kasparov beat his russian compatriot vladimir kramnik in the ##th and last round of the linares tournament in southern spain to win the category ## contest outright by a clear one-point margin .
more than ### tonnes of oil spilled sunday into the volga river after a pipeline burst in the samara region , in southern russia , the ministry for emergencies said .
<unk> myers carded her second consecutive ## here sunday to snatch victory in the lpga los angeles women 's championship as overnight leader annika sorenstam struggled on the greens .
a captain and a soldier were injured by a bullet sunday just before the changing of the guard at the royal palace here , police said .
amnesty international call here on sunday for an end to the `` torture '' and `` abuse '' of political detainees in serbia 's predominantly albanian province of kosovo .
more than ### people were detained over the weekend in violence involving neo-nazis , leftwing militants , punks and police in several towns across eastern germany , police said sunday .
the us dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading monday , down from ###.## yen in new york friday afternoon and compared with ###.##-## yen here late friday .
national aeronautics and space administration -lrb- nasa -rrb- officials on sunday added a fifth spacewalk to an ongoing repair mission to the hubble space telescope after discovering unexpected damage .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
venezuelan police have uncovered a ring that smuggled iranians to canada from the caribbean island of margarita and arrested two of its leaders , officials said sunday .
south korean security forces stepped up a hunt monday for suspected north korean agents who shot and critically wounded a top-level defector in a weekend ambush here .
gold opened higher here monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
a former school principal accused of remaining silent about sexual abuse in his school has killed himself ## hours before he was due to testify to a royal commission investigating paedophilia , police said monday .
share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday morning , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
britain 's greg rusedski was forced to retire with a wrist injury while leading world number-one pete sampras by a set in the final of the atp tour men 's tennis tournament here on sunday .
share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday morning , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points or #.# percent to end the morning session at ##,###.## points .
indonesian president suharto monday embarked on his first official visit to cambodia , laos and burma to strengthen economic and trade relations .
the south korean embassy in beijing lashed out monday at the provocative tactics of north korean agents keeping watch on a top - ranking pyongyang defector holed up in seoul 's diplomatic mission .
indonesian president suharto monday embarked on his first official visit to cambodia , laos and burma to strengthen economic and trade relations .
a corporate shareholder of japan 's sumitomo corp. is to sue senior management for compensation of losses stemming from alleged illegal copper trading , a spokesman for the shareholder said monday .
south korea monday denied newspaper reports that a top north korean defector has told us cia agents that up to seven more senior officials in pyongyang were preparing to defect .
chad carvin , who missed the chance to compete in the atlanta olympics with a heart ailment , completed a triumphant return to swimming sunday with his fourth title at the us spring championships .
the leader of the karen national union -lrb- knu -rrb- has vowed to battle on against a burmese government offensive into rebel-held territory in eastern burma , the nation reported monday .
an opposition politician wanted in connection with the slaying of a ruling party legislator surrendered to police although the main suspect was still at large , officials said monday .
asian countries are expected to follow singapore 's lead in forging an `` open skies '' pact with the united states , a top official of singapore airlines ltd. -lrb- sia -rrb- said in an interview published monday .
the south korean embassy in beijing lashed out monday at the provocative tactics of north korean agents keeping watch on a top - ranking pyongyang defector holed up in seoul 's diplomatic mission .
australian retail giant woolworths ltd. said monday its net profit after abnormals jumped #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the ## weeks to january # #### .
australian retail giant woolworths ltd. said monday net profit jumped #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the ## weeks to january # , #### .
australian retail giant woolworths ltd. said monday net profit jumped #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian -lrb- ### million us -rrb- dollars in the ## weeks to january # #### .
indonesian president suharto arrived here monday on his first state visit in almost ## years at the start of a three-nation tour to cambodia , burma and laos .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close in almost seven years monday , boosted by general positive sentiment among investors , brokers said .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent monday as foreign fund managers stayed away and blue chips were sidelined , traders said .
share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent to their highest close almost in seven years monday thanks to generally positive sentiment among investors .
space agency officials sunday added a fifth spacewalk by astronauts in the shuttle discovery to an ongoing repair mission to the hubble space telescope after discovering unexpected damage .
space agency officials sunday added a fifth spacewalk by astronauts in the shuttle discovery to an ongoing repair mission to the hubble space telescope after discovering unexpected damage .
an american held by authorities here awaiting deportation said he will go on hunger strike until the us embassy gives him financial help , press reports said monday .
south africa held its first talks with china over the future of its hong kong consulate , a south african consulate 's spokesman said monday .
indonesian president suharto arrived here monday on his first state visit in almost ## years at the start of a three-nation tour to cambodia , burma and laos .
philippine share prices fell #.# percent monday as foreign fund managers stayed away and blue chips were sidelined .
pakistan 's new parliament starts its <unk> here monday to elect a new leader of the house who will be sworn-in as prime minister for five-year term later in the day .
former sumitomo corp. chief copper trader yasuo hamanaka went on trial monday for forgery and fraud over allegedly unauthorised trading that led to one of the biggest losses in corporate history .
former sumitomo corp. chief copper trader yasuo hamanaka pleaded guilty monday to charges of forgery and fraud over alleged unauthorised trading that led to one of the biggest losses in corporate history .
former sumitomo corp. chief copper trader yasuo hamanaka pleaded guilty monday to charges of forgery and fraud over alleged unauthorised trading that led to one of the biggest losses in corporate history .
unionized workers at a former general motors parts plant spun off by the giant automaker , set a strike deadline monday , saying contract negotiations were stalled .
portuguese president jorge sampaio will arrive here tuesday for a week-long visit with a message that the tiny portuguese enclave 's identity should be preserved beyond its #### transfer to chinese rule .
disgraced sumitomo copper trader yasuo hamanaka on monday admitted forgery and fraud in unauthorised deals that caused record losses of #.# billion dollars .
vietnam 's communist party leader do muoi has appealed to overseas vietnamese scientists to help the country realize its ambitious economic growth plan , the official vietnam news agency reported monday .
the new zealand share market closed up #.# percent monday in cautious trade on the eve of the release of telecom corp. 's third quarter results .
a greek physics professor has been arrested over the alleged sexual abuse of a filipino boy in #### , police said monday .
priyanka gandhi , daughter of slain premier rajiv and a member of india 's most powerful political dynasty , will get married tuesday at a low-key , private ceremony overseen by elite paramilitary bodyguards , officials said monday .
the death toll from a passenger bus inferno in southern china has risen to ## , with a further ## seriously injured , the china daily said monday .
the vietnamese army admitted into its ranks ##,### new communist party members in #### , an increase of ##.# percent on the previous year , the army daily quan doi nhan dan reported monday .
jardine matheson holdings ltd. said monday it had no plans to <unk> its shares in hong kong , despite the firm 's optimism over economic prospects here after the handover to china in july .
the dollar was mixed against major currencies in midafternoon tokyo trade as the upside remains heavy against the mark and investors turned light profit-takers against the yen , dealers said .
australian shares closed #.# percent higher monday as demand for banking stocks combined with positive sentiment following a round of bumper profit results to boost the market .
pakistan 's new parliament on monday overwhelmingly endorsed nawaz sharif as prime minister for a five-year term .
the trial of former sumitomo corp. chief copper trader yasuo hamanaka was adjourned here monday after the disgraced dealer admitted to forgery and fraud .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher monday , with the nikkei stock average rising on late buying after mixed trading in the absence of foreign investors , brokers said .
strong demand for banking stocks combined with the impact of a round of bumper profit results to push australian shares #.# percent higher monday , brokers said .
an earthquake measuring #.# degrees on the richter scale rocked the gulf port of bandar abbas in southern iran on monday , iranian radio reported .
nationwide strikes in south korea in january are expected to lead to a sharp fall in industrial production growth , the ministry of finance and economy said monday .
the philippine government is confident that a court order against multi-billion-dollar waterworks contracts will be lifted this week , presidential legal counsel renato cayetano said monday .
former french communist party leader georges marchais was hospitalised overnight sunday , medical officials said monday .
burmese forces were moving against the last areas of southeast burma still held by ethnic karen guerrillas as part of a major offensive against the rebels , border sources said monday .
germany 's bayerische motoren werke ag -lrb- bmw -rrb- group on monday reported an eight percent year-on-year increase in car sales in asia to nearly ###,### units in #### despite a difficult year for the luxury auto sector in the region .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher in mixed trading monday for the fifth straight daily gain as domestic institutional investors took profits to limit the gains .
disgraced sumitomo copper trader yasuo hamanaka on monday admitted forgery and fraud in unauthorised deals that caused record losses of #.# billion dollars .
the indian government has decided to stick to the traditional city names of bombay and madras rather than adopt new local versions , a leading <unk> said monday .
britain 's princess alexandra inspected a guard of honor of the hong kong police force on monday for the last time before china resumes sovereignty here .
britain 's gec marconi ltd. said monday it was interested in bidding for projects in the philippines despite the scrapping of a ### million-dollar radar contract in had won in #### .
the sri lankan government has ordered disciplinary action against ### policemen who opened fire and killed a mourner and wounded hundreds at the funeral of a government mp , officials said monday .
consumer prices in germany rose #.# percent in january compared to the december figure and #.# percent from the previous year , the federal statistics office announced here monday .
president carlos menem of argentina began a visit to vietnam monday by meeting prime minister vo van kiet and signing two accords to promote trade and investment an argentine source said .
indian experts said monday the country 's defense budget was inadequate and flagged behind neighbors china and pakistan , the press trust of india reported .
philippine executive secretary ruben torres on monday criticized lawmakers who warned proposed changes to the country 's constitution could spark a military coup .
the rand opened weaker against the dollar here on monday , at #.#### \/ ## against friday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
india 's minority coalition government was warned by a key parliamentary ally monday it could wreck the national budget later this month .
us vice president al gore and south african deputy president thabo mbeki opened the third session of the us-south africa binational commission here monday by stressing the strong relations between the two countries .
south korean share prices closed #.# percent lower monday on a correction after recent gains prompted by ample market liquidity , dealers said .
talks between tajik rebels holding six hostages , including un workers , and president emomali rakhmonov began monday as the rebels again promised to release all captives .
the indonesian army has denied allegations that a youth group with links to the military was behind the latest unrest to hit the disputed territory of east timor .
former french communist party leader georges marchais was hospitalised overnight sunday for treatment of fluid in the lungs , the party 's national secretary said monday .
naval <unk> <unk> <unk> -lrb- uk -rrb- ltd. of britain is looking for a filipino partner to build military and paramilitary vessels in the country , a senior company official said monday .
south korean share prices closed #.# percent lower on a correction after recent gains prompted by ample market liquidity , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent higher in cautious trading on monday , dealers said .
french prime minister alain juppe on monday hit out at a planned campaign of civil disobedience over proposed tough immigration legislation , saying it would be a `` serious act .
hong kong share prices rose #.# percent monday in cautious trading as investors looked for bargains among blue-chip stocks , dealers said .
gold closed higher here monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
hong kong deputies monday attended their last meeting of the legislature of southern china 's guangdong province before the territory 's handover in july , a spokesman for the guangdong government said .
the philippines and thailand have renewed a bilateral repurchase agreement aimed at defending their currencies against speculative raids , the central bank of the philippines said monday .
talks between tajik rebels holding six hostages , including un workers , and president emomali rakhmonov began monday as the rebels again promised to release all captives .
striking spanish truck drivers on monday reported some progress in talks with the government on ending an ##-day work stoppage , their first upbeat assessment of the negotiations .
hong kong 's history could extend as far back as ### million years , ### million years earlier than previously thought , with the recent discovery of marine fossils , it was reported monday .
a car bomb blast killed one person monday in this industrial city in the spanish basque country , police said .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu returned from a visit to washington on monday with his ruling coalition up in arms about reports he promised us officials to delay building a controversial jewish neighborhood in disputed east jerusalem .
hong kong 's sun hung kai properties ltd. and <unk> property agency ltd. said monday they had formed a joint venture to provide mortgage lending services for the secondary market .
the dollar edged down against major currencies in tokyo monday as its upside remained heavy against the mark and investors turned light profit-takers against the yen , dealers said .
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina wajed has promised to introduce a tough new law to protect women from attacks , news reports said monday .
cambodia 's two premiers have agreed to temporarily reassign four senior military and provincial officials who were involved in last week 's factional fighting in northwestern <unk> province , senior officials said monday .
future hong kong leader tung chee-hwa is expected to announce his team of top staff this week , but a government official reiterated monday britain 's hope that all serving senior civil servants would stay after the handover .
us secretary of state madeleine albright held talks monday with chancellor helmut kohl expected to center on nato enlargement and european security .
cambodia 's two premiers have agreed to temporarily reassign four senior military and provincial officials who were involved in last week 's factional fighting in northwestern battambang province , senior officials said monday .
chinese and philippine defense ministers agreed in talks here monday to resolve territorial disputes through dialogue and refrain from provocative acts in the disputed spratly islands .
south korea and the united states on monday warned north korea to avoid provoking trouble as pyongyang 's most senior defector spent his sixth day holed up inside the seoul embassy here .
striking spanish truck drivers on monday reported some progress in talks with the government on ending an ##-day work stoppage , their first upbeat assessment of the negotiations .
rumours about the declining health of china 's paramount leader deng xiaoping can still hit the hong kong stock market , despite the fact his death is accepted as imminent , analysts said monday .
clean-up efforts continued monday , a day after up to ### tonnes of oil spilt from a decrepit pipeline in southern russia into the volga river .
shanghai 's b shares rose two percent on speculative buying monday , the first day of trading after a two-week long closure for chinese lunar new year holidays , brokers said .
slovenia 's prime minister janez drnovsek on monday announced that he had reached an agreement with the opposition on forming a coalition government .
gold production in south africa decreased by #,### kilograms , or by ##.# percent , in january to ##,### kilograms from ##,### in december , figures from the chamber of mines showed on monday .
india 's notorious criminal charles sobhraj , who has been linked to a series of unsolved murders in the ####s and ####s , was released on bail here on monday after more than ## years behind bars .
shanghai 's b shares rose two percent on speculative buying monday , the first day of trading after a two-week long closure for chinese lunar new year holidays , brokers said .
cambodia 's two premiers have agreed to temporarily reassign four senior military and provincial officials who were involved in last week 's factional fighting in northwestern battambang province , senior officials said monday .
india 's `` bandit queen '' - <unk> failed to turn up in court monday to face charges of murder and robbery .
zaire 's defense ministry on monday denied claims that the government was rearming troops of the former rwandan army at a refugee camp in the east of the country .
rumours about the declining health of china 's paramount leader deng xiaoping can still hit the hong kong stock market , despite the fact his death is accepted as imminent , analysts said monday .
india 's notorious criminal charles sobhraj , linked to a series of unsolved murders in the ####s and ####s , was taken back into police custody here monday just minutes after being released on bail .
tanzanian prospectors have discovered reefs in the north of the east african country which they estimate will yield ### tonnes of gold , the ministry of energy and minerals said .
the sudanese government said monday that its top priority was to drive out `` aggressors '' from ethiopia and eritrea , before envisaging mediation with rebel forces .
the black watch regiment went through its paces monday , after arriving here to oversee the final days of the british colony of hong kong .
israeli police will question prime minister benjamin netanyahu tuesday on alleged high-level criminal tampering over the abortive appointment last month of an attorney-general , officials said monday .
argentine president carlos menem began a visit to vietnam monday by meeting with prime minister vo van kiet and signing two accords to promote bilateral trade and investment , an argentine source said .
malaysia 's key stock index closed #.# percent higher monday on buying of selected blue chips and cheaper stocks by local funds and singapore investors , brokers said .
police in the northeastern indian state of tripura monday arrested ## people suspected of involvement in the massacre of ## villagers , domestic news agencies said .
argentine president carlos menem began a visit to vietnam on monday meeting with prime minister vo van kiet and signing two accords to promote bilateral trade and investment , an argentine source said .
thai share prices fell #.# percent in thin trading monday on profit - taking , but the downside was limited by bargain-hunting in communications issues , brokers said .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu left his top foreign policy adviser behind in washington on monday to pursue efforts to find a compromise formula for resuming peace talks with syria , officials said .
malaysia 's key stock index closed #.# percent higher monday on buying of selected blue chips and cheaper stocks by local funds and singapore investors .
lebanon 's parliament speaker nabih berri will visit kuwait in the first week of march at the invitation of his kuwaiti counterpart ahmad al-saadoun , an official said monday .
opposition protests , called off in belgrade last week , are to continue in serbia 's second city , nis , until all local councils won by the opposition are set up , the town 's new mayor told afp monday .
canadian firm bre-x mineral ltd. has reached an agreement with a subsidiary of us mining giant freeport mcmoran gold and copper over the sharing of a major gold joint venture in indonesia , a company executive said monday .
the philippines has lifted a ban on sending workers to bahrain and northern areas of saudi arabia near the borders with kuwait and iraq because of easing of tensions there , labor secretary leonardo quisumbing said monday .
scientists have jumped to the defense of people who dislike broccoli -- saying it may be a matter of genetics instead of <unk> .
canadian firm bre-x mineral ltd. has reached an agreement with a subsidiary of us mining giant freeport mcmoran gold and copper over the sharing of a major gold joint venture in indonesia , a company executive said monday .
share prices closed #.# percent lower on the jakarta stock exchange on monday following profit-taking , mostly among second-liners .
united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- ports recorded a #.# percent increase in container activity in #### because of an economic upturn , the official newspaper al-ittihad reported monday .
swedish banks <unk> and sparbanken are in merger talks , the two banks announced after trading in the two shares was suspended on the stockholm bourse early monday .
disgraced sumitomo copper trader yasuo hamanaka 's defense lawyers on monday sought to put the spotlight on the trading house 's management , as the former star trader admitted forgery and fraud .
the five-nation committee monitoring a ceasefire accord in south lebanon met monday to discuss complaints from both lebanon and israel , sources close to the lebanese delegation said .
some ##,### malawian and mozambican families have been left homeless by the flooded lower shire river in a valley in southern malawi , prompting president bakili muluzi to declare the phenomenon a disaster .
hong kong manufacturers expect a slight increase in volume of orders this year over #### , according to a half-yearly survey released here monday .
share prices here fell early on monday under the effect of profit - taking and losses on wall street that were recorded late on friday , dealers said .
nawaz sharif was formally sworn in as prime minister by president farooq ahmed leghari here on monday .
swedish banks <unk> and sparbanken are in merger talks , the two banks announced after trading in the two shares had been suspended here early on monday .
swedish bank handelsbanken has gained acceptance for its offer to swedish mortgage institute stadshypotek from ## percent of shareholders and has thereby completed the acquisition , it said on monday .
share prices closed #.# percent lower on the jakarta stock exchange on monday following profit-taking , mostly among second-liners , dealers said .
a grenade was thrown from a car into a square in the divided bosnian city of mostar late sunday , but no one was injured when it exploded , a spokesman for nato 's stabilization force -lrb- sfor -rrb- said monday .
the dollar rose against european currencies early on monday and held firm against the yen as fears that german and japanese monetary authorities would step in to contain recent rises of the us currency abated .
croatian foreign minister mate granic will go ahead with an official visit to belgrade on wednesday , which was initially planned for late last year but postponed due to the pro-democracy protests in the serb capital .
north korea monday demanded the return of a senior party secretary holed up in the south korean embassy in beijing , in broadcasts through propaganda loudspeakers along the demilitarized zone .
thai share prices fell #.# percent monday on profit-taking , but the downside was limited by bargain-hunting in communications issues , brokers said .
bulgaria said monday it would apply for membership in the north atlantic treaty organization .
vietnamese writer <unk> anh , who has lived in exile in france since #### , has died here of cancer , his family said on monday .
the following is a chronology based on the prosecution statement on the opening day of the trial of yasuo hamanaka , the former chief copper trader for sumitomo corp. , as well as company statements and press reports .
thai finance minister amnuay virawan said monday he had called a meeting of government agencies to discuss preparation of updated data for review by moody 's investors service .
israeli and palestinian officials began a new set of negotiations monday focusing on civilian affairs and the movement of palestinians through israeli-controlled crossings into jordan and egypt .
bulgaria said monday it would apply for membership in the north atlantic treaty organization , ending its status as the only former soviet satellite not seeking admission .
russian presidential hopeful alexander lebed held an hour of private talks on monday with bank of france governor jean-claude trichet .
japan 's toshiba corp. said monday it would cut monthly output of ## megabit dynamic random access memory -lrb- dram -rrb- <unk> .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher monday , in line with other major asia-pacific bourses .
the employees of niger 's national electric power company on monday began a ##-hour strike , without minimum service , to protest against plans to privatise the firm .
double olympic champion marie-jose perec says she will double up again at the world championships in athens in august -- but this time over the fences .
the head of the european monetary institute -lrb- ime -rrb- has waded into a simmering dispute between germany and france over a future euro bank .
north korea blared out demands for the return of a top party official holed up in the south korean embassy in beijing , in broadcasts through propaganda loudspeakers along the demilitarized zone .
palestinian leader yasser arafat will visit turkey on thursday on the invitation of president suleyman demirel , a spokesman for the turkish foreign ministry said monday .
egyptian authorities decided monday to put an israeli druze detained on charges of spying for israel on trial before the high security court .
india needs ### billion dollars during the next five years to finance its infrastructure development , the chairman of merrill lynch europe said here monday .
the united states ' citibank on monday became the first foreign bank to relocate its shanghai branch to pudong new area development zone where a financial district is being constructed .
the south korean glass manufacturer <unk> and saint-gobain of france are to exchange shareholdings in subsidiaries to link in the manufacture of glass for the auto industry in poland and south korea , saint-gobain said on monday .
the dollar closed slightly lower against the mark and yen in choppy singapore trading monday ahead of a us holiday , dealers said .
rubber futures prices in singapore ended lower monday on smaller turnover , dealers said .
<unk> , which has interests in the car parts and packaging businesses , made a net profit of ###,### marks -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- in the year to september from a loss of ### million marks the previous year , the company said on monday .
<unk> sumitomo , the devout buddhist who began trading books , bits of iron and rapeseed oil in japan 's former imperial capital of kyoto in the early ##th century , should be turning in his grave .
hong kong 's multi-billion-dollar replacement airport project is coming in on time and under budget , financial secretary donald tsang said monday .
germany experienced a dramatic leap in the use of designer drugs like ecstasy in #### , the head of the government 's mission on drugs said monday .
russian officials denied monday that there had been a major oil spill on the volga river in southern russia , saying that a maximum of just over one tonne , not ### as reported , had hit the iced-over river .
american movie icon lauren bacall will receive the camera prize at the berlin film festival monday for her performance in `` le jour et la nuit , '' the first feature film by french writer and philosopher bernard-henri levy .
the philippine supreme court monday acquitted two former officials of late dictator ferdinand marcos of graft , quashing ##-year jail terms imposed by a lower court .
the chinese trade and financial center of shanghai is preparing plans to welcome hong kong 's return to mainland rule on july # , officials said monday .
un human rights envoy elisabeth rehn arrived monday in eastern slavonia , the last serb-held region of croatia , un sources said .
iraq on monday accused the united states of delaying deliveries here of food and medicine under a humanitarian agreement with the united nations .
japan 's toyota motor corp. said monday lost production due to a fire at a key parts maker had reached ##,### units .
japan 's mitsubishi motors corp. said monday it planned to raise auto sales ## percent in #### in the european market to ###,### units .
us secretary of state madeleine albright expressed concern monday about tensions between the two koreas following last week 's defection of a senior north korean official to the south .
shareholders and the board of air afrique began meetings here monday aimed at appointing new top management officials for the ailing multinational airline .
prisoners in the indian state of punjab are to be set free automatically after reaching their ##th birthdays , reports said here monday .
syrian president hafez al-assad on monday received lebanese prime minister rafic hariri , who arrived here from paris the previous day , an official said .
bulgaria said monday it would apply for membership in the north atlantic treaty organization , ending its status as the only former soviet satellite not seeking admission .
the authorities in bahrain seized ##.# kilograms -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of heroin and other drugs last year , three times more than the previous year , the customs department said monday .
notorious criminal charles sobhraj was dramatically detained by immigration officials here monday , moments after being released following more than ## years behind bars in india .
students in ivory coast who have been on strike since tuesday resumed courses at abidjan 's two universities monday , despite the government 's failure to meet their demands .
asia-pacific nations were divided monday over a world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- deal to liberalise the multi billion dollar global telecommunications sector .
iranian vice president hassan habibi is due to visit greece on tuesday to discuss political and economic cooperation , iran 's official news agency irna reported .
malaysian police monday said they had submitted a report to the government on a request by india for the extradition of an italian couple allegedly linked to a #.#-billion-dollar arms scandal .
a spanish adventurer aided by young easter islanders is putting the finishing touches on a giant ##-meter -lrb- ###-foot -rrb- canoe that they hope will take them from south america to australia .
the iranian government is to put in force new regulations to encourage carpet exports which have sharply fallen in the past two years , tehran radio announced monday .
the serbian government , which controls most of the local news media , signalled monday that it would keep a close eye on foreign journalists and punish those who seek to distort the truth and `` overthrow '' the leadership .
future hong kong leader tung chee-hwa will travel to beijing wednesday to discuss the choice of policy secretaries who will take office when china assumes power here in july , an aide said .
india 's `` bandit queen '' - <unk> failed to turn up in court monday to face charges of murder and robbery .
a controversial three-nation campaign against the ban on trade in elephant ivory gathered momentum monday ahead of a crucial international conservation meeting to be held in harare in june .
the gulf aircraft maintenance company -lrb- <unk> -rrb- has won a five-year contract to service british royal air force aircraft , the company said on monday .
a foreign trucker was seriously injured in a clash with strikers in northern spain on monday , as union and government representatives prepared to launch new talks aimed at ending the action .
palestinian president yasser arafat left monday for an official visit to russia and talks with president boris yeltsin , officials said .
delegates from the european union and gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- opened talks here monday aimed at reaching an elusive free-trade agreement .
us secretary of state madeleine albright and german foreign minister klaus kinkel said friday that washington and bonn were fully united on the need to work for nato enlargement and a charter of relations between nato and russia .
iraq on monday condemned the massacre of nine coptic christians in a church in egypt , saying the attack was designed to spark another <unk> religious war .
us secretary of state madeleine albright and german foreign minister klaus kinkel said monday that washington and bonn were fully united on the need to work for nato enlargement and a charter of relations between nato and russia .
a record ### asylum seekers from sri lanka arrived at amsterdam 's schiphol airport sunday aboard a turkmen airlines plane , dutch police said monday .
a series of peace talks are underway in borneo to end weeks of violent ethnic clashes which have left hundreds dead , reports said monday .
a police superintendent , subpoenaed to give evidence before south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission , monday testified that he fired three shots into the head of a man lying on the ground during an incident in the black township of <unk> .
none of the russian prisoners sentenced to the death penalty has been killed since last august , the head of the presidential amnesty commission <unk> pristavkin , was quoted as saying by interfax monday .
authorities in southeastern iran have set fire in public to `` hundreds '' of pieces of clothing bearing western symbols , notably the american flag , a newspaper reported monday .
germany attempted on monday to calm mounting fears that a recent surge in unemployment would derail its attempt to meet the qualifying conditions for the launch of a single currency this year and force the launch of the euro to be delayed .
swedish lottery authorities said monday they hoped to set a maximum jackpot of five million kronor -lrb- about ###,### dollars -rrb- on the state lottery in order to reduce the risk of gambling addiction .
the defection of a top north korean ideologue to south korea has increased anxiety in moscow , where deputy foreign minister grigory karasin said monday the crisis was being followed `` closely .
the dutch company boskalis westminster has clinched a ##.#-million - dollar deal to dredge a new container port in southern oman and build landfill barriers for new jetties , officials said monday .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind will go to bonn wednesday for talks with german counterpart klaus kinkel and give a speech on the british approach to europe , the foreign office said monday .
swedish lottery authorities are hoping to set a maximum jackpot of five million kronor -lrb- about ###,### dollars -rrb- for the state lottery in order to reduce the risk of gambling addiction , they said on monday .
bruce grobbelaar told a court here on monday that ##,### pounds -lrb- about ##,### dollar -rrb- he gave to a former business partner came from his sock drawer .
the frankfurt stock market suffered a moderate loss on monday in which operators called a `` consolidation session '' putting an end to two weeks of record-setting .
hungary and romania on monday signed a bilateral military cooperation agreement , a hungarian defense ministry official said here .
bosnian serbs have released ## members of the black swans , a special unit of the bosnian army , held since august last year , a un spokesman said on monday .
interior minister anatoly kulikov has stated there are no chechen prisoners in russia , refuting separatists ' claims that russia is holding more than #,### chechens , a parliamentary source said monday .
north korea monday hinted it could accept the defection of top official hwang jang-yop to the south , according to an official pyongyang report monitored here .
president boris yeltsin on monday gave his full backing to the defense minister , igor rodionov , denying rumors he was about to get the sack , the kremlin said .
a british member of parliament proposed monday that an international conference be held to investigate worldwide transactions involving gold stolen by the nazis during world war ii , the swiss foreign ministry said .
us secretary of state madeleine albright arrived in paris from bonn on monday for the third stop of her <unk> `` get-acquainted '' tour in europe and asia .
the french-based relief agency action contre la faim -lrb- acf - action against hunger -rrb- decided monday to return immediately to mogadishu after pulling out last thursday following heavy fighting , a statement said .
the london stock market suffered a modest loss in the first half of the monday trading session , and traders said the market was in a cautious mood in view of the close of new york markets for a holiday .
syrian parliament speaker abdel kader <unk> , at the start of a conference on water , warned monday that arab countries are not taking the water shortage in the region seriously .
the british health department on monday moved to liberalize adoption by giving an appeals procedure to prospective parents rejected for such reasons as age , education , social standing and race .
a global conference on narrowing the male-female divide in politics here monday called for the establishment of a fund to finance women 's campaigns .
a british member of parliament proposed monday that an international conference be held to investigate worldwide transactions involving gold stolen by the nazis during world war ii , the swiss foreign ministry said .
businessmen from the united states have set up a joint fund with oman and jordan to benefit from growing investment opportunities in the two arab countries , an omani official said monday .
four african foreign ministers are due to go to war-torn zaire on tuesday to help mediate in the great lakes crisis , a south african foreign ministry spokesman said monday .
two british nationals have been arrested in cyprus for allegedly trying to steal trade secrets from top european pharmaceutical manufacturers , police said monday .
iraqi president saddam hussein has ordered his cabinet to maintain a policy of economic austerity to fight inflation fueled by un sanctions , official sources said monday .
iraqi president saddam hussein has ordered his cabinet to maintain a policy of economic austerity to fight inflation fueled by un sanctions , official sources said monday .
the leading dutch supplier of office equipment and photocopiers , oce - van der grinten increased net profits by ##.# percent to ###.# million guilders -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in #### , the company said on monday .
kazakh authorities are illegally hunting dozens of former prisoners amnestied in #### to put them back in jail , a joint <unk> human rights group here said monday .
palestinian president yasser arafat arrived here monday to discuss the middle east peace process with egyptian president hosni mubarak before setting off for russia , officials said .
pakistan 's business community monday welcomed nawaz sharif 's induction as prime minister , expressing the hope that it would bring vital repairs to the wrecked economy .
a team of delhi-based us diplomats will arrive in kashmir tuesday for an assessment of the strife-torn indian state , officials said monday .
six ice fishermen were rescued by helicopter on monday from a drifting floe in the <unk> lake in sweden after the ice they were standing on broke up , rescue officials said .
major french bank societe generale has increased its stake in france 's accor hotel group to #.## percent , societe des bourses <unk> -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced on monday .
madeleine albright arrived in paris on monday for the third stop on a <unk> tour , her first as us secretary of state , with talks expected to seek consensus on a new-look nato .
american film director jules <unk> who was married to the late greek actress melina mercouri , became a greek citizen monday , the culture minister announced .
a us army humvee armored vehicle with the nato-led stabilisation force -lrb- sfor -rrb- in bosnia was blown up when it ran over a mine in a pothole , an sfor spokesman said monday .
a tehran district mayor has been sentenced to ## years in prison and ## lashes of the whip for corruption and `` illegitimate '' sexual relations , newspapers reported monday .
greenland , the massive arctic island near the north pole , has opened a new million-dollar cultural and conference center to serve as a link for artists and writers across the arctic circle .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- is to replace all foreigners working in its interior ministry with nationals as part of a drive to cut the expatriate workforce in the state , officials said monday .
aviation and hotel group scandinavian airlines system -lrb- sas -rrb- scored a pretax net profit last year of #.## billion kronor -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , down ## percent from #.## billion kronor -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- the previous year , sas announced on monday .
thousands of soldiers backed by tanks and air cover monday resumed an advance into territory held by tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka , defense officials here said .
tajik rebels freed their last hostages , five united nations workers , monday .
the gulf emirate of abu dhabi said on monday it was setting up a major leasing company to take advantage of increased liquidity and privatisation programs in the oil-rich region .
stagecoach , champion of rail privatisation in britain , whipped up a storm of protest on monday when it suspended ## daily services on commuter lines south west of london .
a libyan opposition group said monday it killed or wounded several libyan soldiers in an attack on a camp for elite military guards last week .
tajik rebels freed their last hostages , five united nations workers , monday .
some ##,### students and lecturers held an anti-government march in belgrade on monday demanding that the dean of the capital 's main university be sacked and that opposition wins be recognized in two districts .
nearly #,### police officers could lose their jobs in the wake of a probe into the murder of an investigative reporter , officials said monday .
four workers were killed monday in an explosion in the <unk> coal mine at chelyabinsk in the southern ural mountains , interfax news agency reported , citing the miners ' union .
italian premier romano prodi insisted monday that his country will be ready to participate in a #### launch of a european single currency .
a british member of parliament proposed monday that an international conference be held to investigate worldwide transactions involving gold stolen by the nazis during world war ii , the swiss foreign ministry said .
milan 's deputy prosecutor <unk> colombo on monday defended italy 's clean hands corruption-busting campaign which has been marred by judicial inquiries into its own members ' activities .
a major shake up was ordered in the sri lankan police after constables opened fire and killed a mourner and wounded hundreds at the funeral of a government mp , officials said monday .
unionized workers at american axle , a key supplier of general motors , reached a tentative agreement with management on a new contract early monday , narrowly averting a strike that could have forced gm to shut down some plants , the union said .
tajik rebels monday freed their last hostages , five united nations workers , ending a crisis which gripped this central asian ex-soviet republic for two weeks .
the head of bosnian mission of the western agency organising elections here held talks monday with the bosnian serb president biljana plavsic .
the former european commission president jacques delors has been awarded the prestigious erasmus prize , the netherlands ' highest cultural honor , the erasmus foundation said monday .
asia-pacific nations were divided monday over a world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- deal to liberalise the multi billion dollar global telecommunications sector .
barrick gold corporation said monday it has failed to strike a deal with canadian rival bre-x minerals for the joint exploitation of the giant busang gold mine in indonesia .
milan 's deputy prosecutor <unk> colombo on monday defended italy 's clean hands corruption-busting campaign which has been marred by judicial inquiries into its own members ' activities .
bosnia 's islamic religious leaders condemned monday reported attacks on graves at a catholic cemetery in the village of <unk> near zenica , central bosnia , last week .
police in the northeastern indian state of tripura arrested ## people monday for a massacre by tribal guerrillas after the toll from the violence rose to ## dead , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said .
spanish police said monday they had broken up an international money - laundering network linked to colombian drug cartels and the italian mafia , arresting ## people .
the swedish military suspects that foreign submarines illegally entered its territorial waters `` a number of times '' last year , the country 's army chief said monday .
pakistan army chief general jehangir <unk> said monday the armed forces were hopeful the new government of prime minister nawaz sharif would bring political stability to the country .
a ##-year-old boy was killed when he stepped on a mine in the suburbs of the chechen capital grozny , the itar-tass news agency reported monday , citing the chechen interior ministry .
dutch chemical group dsm said monday it has filed suit in tokyo against japanese company mitsui for patent infringement .
syrian president hafez al-assad held talks monday with iranian defense minister mohammad <unk> , the president 's spokesman said .
the gulf emirate of abu dhabi has ordered its bars and nightclubs to shut for three days to mourn the death of a senior member of the royal family , hotel officials said on monday .
a swedish shipping company plans to open in mid-april a new link for ro-ro ferries between the northern french town of dunkerque and <unk> , near the port city of goteborg -lrb- gothenburg -rrb- in sweden , authorities here said monday .
some ##,### civil servants entered their seventh strike day monday , with little likelihood of resolving their disagreements with the government any time soon .
some ###,### civil servants entered their seventh strike day monday , with little likelihood of resolving their disagreements with the government any time soon .
immigration to israel fell eight percent in #### from the previous year , israel radio reported monday .
senior officials in premier jean-luc dehaene 's beleaguered coalition told the french-speaking socialist party monday to put its house in order following the latest moves linking the party to corruption scandals .
walt disney co. joined tobacco and liquor giants , an oil company and labor unions as the biggest single givers of political donations in the ####-## us election cycle , a study made public monday found .
israeli and palestinian negotiators got down to work monday in their latest round of talks on broadening self-rule , amid palestinian protests over israeli settlement moves in the west bank .
the medical aid agency medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf - doctors without borders -rrb- appealed for the international community monday to protect tens of thousands of rwandan refugees .
china monday launched a `` patriotic '' health program aimed at stemming the growing deterioration in the availability of health care .
moscow described an accusation by the top polish intelligence chief that russia is planning `` provocations '' to sabotage poland 's hopes of joining nato and the eu as `` pure fantasy '' on monday .
london on monday gave the go-ahead for use of genetically modified maize -lrb- corn -rrb- in food and animal feed , without the need for special labeling to inform consumers that their food has been modified in test tubes .
president nelson mandela 's ruling african national congress monday criticised the government of neighbouring swaziland for its crackdown on political dissent during the ##-day national strike there .
deaths from drug abuse rose in germany last year for the first time since #### , numbering #,### against #,### in #### , an increase of #.# percent , the government official in charge of drug problems said monday .
fifteen thousand students and lecturers staged an anti-government march in belgrade monday demanding that the dean of the capital 's main university be sacked and that opposition wins be recognized in two districts .
the brazilian government will invest nearly four million dollars to try to curb the proliferation of a mosquito that carries dengue , a sometimes deadly tropical virus .
a foreign trucker was seriously injured in a clash with strikers in northern spain on monday , as union and government representatives prepared to launch new talks aimed at ending the action .
belgium on monday backed french plans for a `` council for stability and growth '' for countries that adopt a single currency to coordinate economic policy but distanced itself from suggestions it should act as a `` political counterweight '' to a european central bank .
nepalese soldiers in the british army -- the famed gurkhas -- are to be paid the same as their british counterparts and allowed to bring their families to britain for the first time , the ministry of defense said monday .
algerian self-defence groups have started a major sweep of areas south and southeast of the capital algiers , seeking out members of armed islamic fundamentalist groups , witnesses said monday .
fed up with promises that their `` cheque is in the mail '' , russian teachers went on strike monday demanding #.# billion dollars in back - pay , interfax reported .
an epidemic of the feared rabies virus has broken out at a farm in the odessa region , bordering on the black sea , the ukrainian ministry for emergency situations said monday .
